com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f120359
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f12047f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MotionTelltales = 0x7f13007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_tint = 0x7f0e0175
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/videoLengthTextView = 0x7f0a033f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f1203ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0163
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_timepicker_hour = 0x7f110058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView.Inverse = 0x7f120361
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1204b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ActivityChooserView = 0x7f130005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f1202d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f1203fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Outlined = 0x7f1203ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f120392
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_center_overlap_floating_mic = 0x7f0d00c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f120476
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MotionScene = 0x7f13007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SideSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f130093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Variant = 0x7f1300ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentActivity.ProgressBar = 0x7f12019b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialCardView = 0x7f13005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1204bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextStyleStartSemiBold = 0x7f1204c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SnackbarLayout = 0x7f130097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_no_files = 0x7f1100f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2 = 0x7f12021a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f120067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f120290
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120395
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MediaActivity = 0x7f13006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f1202d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f12004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Badge = 0x7f12039c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e0174
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_562sdp = 0x7f070233
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f12047e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_other_notifications_channel_name = 0x7f1100bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_28sdp = 0x7f0700e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f12044f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120140
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/videoInformationConstraintLayout = 0x7f0a033e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f1203cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120369
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Filled = 0x7f1203bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/GradientColorItem = 0x7f130048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat = 0x7f120146
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/vertical_only = 0x7f0a033c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel = 0x7f12012c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/bottom_sheet_behavior = 0x7f11001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MessageListHeaderStyle = 0x7f1204c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1202ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_489sdp = 0x7f0701d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_small_component = 0x7f0705dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textStart = 0x7f0a02f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.DragHandle = 0x7f1203a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120273
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_padding = 0x7f07056b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f12042a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/CardView = 0x7f120120
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f12031e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayLarge = 0x7f12022f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f12043e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_emphasis_medium = 0x7f07052e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.TextInputLayout = 0x7f120394
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView = 0x7f12048f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f120401
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/marquee = 0x7f0a01a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiMessageOptionItem = 0x7f1201d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f120328
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f12048c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ActionBarLayout = 0x7f130001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_fab_elevation = 0x7f0705ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1202be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Clock = 0x7f12040c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f12035a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f120479
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120435
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e00c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/State = 0x7f130099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f12044c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f1202cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f1203ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/chain = 0x7f0a009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f120411
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f12001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.Icon = 0x7f1203aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f1202eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_dialog_headline_color = 0x7f0e0024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1203b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_headline_type = 0x7f0e0085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_prev_month = 0x7f11006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transition_scene_layoutid_cache = 0x7f0a031d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Hint = 0x7f120226
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f1202f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Transition = 0x7f1300aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.TypingIndicatorView = 0x7f1201cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion = 0x7f1203c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.StateLayer.Shape = 0x7f120169
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f120149
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f120453
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0127
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/videoLogoImageView = 0x7f0a0340
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transition_layout_save = 0x7f0a031a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f070377
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_detached_container_shape = 0x7f0e0107
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120450
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f1203c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CompoundButton = 0x7f13002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_button_outline_color_selector = 0x7f06006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ActionBar = 0x7f1202d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_indeterminate = 0x7f110067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Suggestion.Elevated = 0x7f1203c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_pinned_message_you = 0x7f110135
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f13005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userReactionsView = 0x7f0a0336
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_small_tail_bubble_offset = 0x7f0706d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120322
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1202c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f120357
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f1202e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120442
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1202d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e014a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0e002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_moderation_dialog_send = 0x7f110142
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f12001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f12013e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f1202fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f120366
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleLarge = 0x7f12024d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07043d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120326
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f120148
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_387sdp = 0x7f07015c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_elevation = 0x7f07059f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_unhandled_key_event_manager = 0x7f0a02e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f0703d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f1203a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input = 0x7f1203c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_circle_white_attachment_check = 0x7f080101
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1202aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1202ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_capital_off = 0x7f110006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/row_index_key = 0x7f0a0281
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/test_level_drawable = 0x7f08017a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CoordinatorLayout_Layout = 0x7f130036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_unchecked = 0x7f110096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f0600e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/jumpToEnd = 0x7f0a0187
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f1203b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight = 0x7f1202a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f12037b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f1202d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_default_loading_view = 0x7f0d008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ChannelListStyle = 0x7f1204bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_overlay_dark = 0x7f060333
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_tabs_line_indicator = 0x7f0800ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/FloatingActionButton = 0x7f13003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Tab = 0x7f12022b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_star_half_black_48dp = 0x7f08006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTheme = 0x7f1201e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_dialog_attachment = 0x7f0d0090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f130056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/touch_outside = 0x7f0a0311
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f12041a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f12029c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_instant_commands = 0x7f1100ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MotionLabel = 0x7f130079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07042e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_reply = 0x7f110136
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f060250
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBottomMargin = 0x7f04070d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120493
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Design.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12027d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f120105
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f1200fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/app_name = 0x7f11001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle = 0x7f0800a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/snackbar_text = 0x7f0a02bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f120206
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f0600db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Caption = 0x7f1201eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/call_notification_answer_action = 0x7f110024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_space_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f1201f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_navigation_item = 0x7f0d0028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f12024b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1202f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f120414
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_mtrl_checked_circle = 0x7f08009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_control_inset_material = 0x7f070311
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f120209
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_download_started = 0x7f110111
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0704aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070407
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1200ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_container_shape = 0x7f0e000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title.Inverse = 0x7f12020c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f060041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f1203f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus15sdp = 0x7f0702c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/topRight = 0x7f0a0310
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTheme.ChannelListScreen = 0x7f1201e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0e003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f120014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.MaterialSwitch = 0x7f1203d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.Avatar = 0x7f12019f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f120292
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application = 0x7f110019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f12039f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/custom_dialog = 0x7f0d0020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ChannelListHeader.Avatar = 0x7f1201ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0149
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Top = 0x7f12018a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_save = 0x7f110084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_264sdp = 0x7f0700c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f120434
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_action_bar_item_background_material = 0x7f08002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1204ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f12047d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f1202f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/linkPreviewImageView = 0x7f0a0199
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/invisible = 0x7f0a017c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f130058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_search_view = 0x7f0d0065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_password_eye = 0x7f0800a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f130068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/center_horizontal = 0x7f0a0098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_356sdp = 0x7f070137
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/permissionx_ic_setting = 0x7f0800ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MotionLayout = 0x7f13007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/currentState = 0x7f0a00cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120349
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background = 0x7f0800ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_horizontalBias = 0x7f0401ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_size_extra_tiny = 0x7f070641
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Transform = 0x7f1300a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_permission_storage_message = 0x7f1100f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/StateListDrawableItem = 0x7f13009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/BottomAppBar = 0x7f13001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:xml/stream_filepaths = 0x7f140003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f12049c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f120261
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12029d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/ime_base_split_test_activity = 0x7f0d0031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy = 0x7f110040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedTitleMarginEnd = 0x7f0401bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f12035f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary20 = 0x7f060131
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_file_not_supported = 0x7f1100e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f12002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus57sdp = 0x7f0702ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f1200ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Legacy.Label = 0x7f120429
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body2 = 0x7f120252
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/with_icon = 0x7f0a034d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_mode_edit = 0x7f1100f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemHorizontalTranslationEnabled = 0x7f040247
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/sideSheetModalStyle = 0x7f0403c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_tabs_transparent_background = 0x7f0800ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f12011f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height = 0x7f070361
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f130038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/moreOptionsImageView = 0x7f0a01e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/direct = 0x7f0a00ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f12018e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.SearchResult.Avatar = 0x7f1201c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/marginEnd = 0x7f0a01a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_checked = 0x7f110066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f12043b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light = 0x7f120294
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f120133
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_attachment_permission_camera = 0x7f0800f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1202a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f12012d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_indeterminate = 0x7f0800cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/shuffleButton = 0x7f0a02b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_result_list_item_height = 0x7f0706b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f12034c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f1200ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e011d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/streamUiQuotedFileAttachmentViewWidth = 0x7f070614
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_primary = 0x7f06003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_check_mark = 0x7f0800c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingHoldToRecordTextStyle = 0x7f0405a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline5 = 0x7f12025a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f120482
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1202e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1202db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_fab_min_touch_target = 0x7f0705af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Spinner = 0x7f120331
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MediaActivity.Icon = 0x7f1201b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_padding_bottom = 0x7f07062a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_large_tail_bubble_radius = 0x7f0706cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ChannelListHeaderView = 0x7f130023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0e0128
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_container_shape = 0x7f0e015e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/hideable = 0x7f0a0161
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0800cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:mipmap/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f0f0001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120431
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0e00aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f12042d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_cursor_drawable = 0x7f0800ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/path_password_eye_mask_strike_through = 0x7f11009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_unpin_message = 0x7f11013b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f12012a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorTheirs = 0x7f040673
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayLarge = 0x7f120240
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/password_toggle_content_description = 0x7f11009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.SearchInputView = 0x7f1201c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f120234
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f1201fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Small = 0x7f1200f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120208
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f120205
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline6 = 0x7f0407e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/KeyAttribute = 0x7f13004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Clock = 0x7f1204b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_screen_content_include = 0x7f0d0014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageTimeLabel = 0x7f0a01de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat_Layout = 0x7f130055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.AppBarLayout = 0x7f120397
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored.Compact = 0x7f120491
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.PinnedMessageList = 0x7f1201c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12027b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/stretch = 0x7f0a02d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1204a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f120420
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.Design.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MessageListView = 0x7f130073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_302sdp = 0x7f0700f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_group_summary_content_text = 0x7f1100b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchbar_height = 0x7f0704d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f1201f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1204a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_error_delete_channel = 0x7f1100d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120317
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1201f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/permissionx_default_dialog_bg = 0x7f0602f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f12040f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1200a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12028c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1202ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel.CenterStacked = 0x7f120137
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0161
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f120418
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f07050e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_send_to_channel = 0x7f1100fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material = 0x7f0702fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f12037c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Constraint = 0x7f13002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline2 = 0x7f120257
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSecondaryVariant = 0x7f04011f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_item_progress_bar_size = 0x7f070650
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppCompatTextHelper = 0x7f130010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.BottomBar.RightIcon = 0x7f1201a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/OnClick = 0x7f130081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_header_disconnected = 0x7f11012a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f1203f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemTextAppearanceActiveBoldEnabled = 0x7f04025d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium4 = 0x7f0b001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ConstraintLayout_Layout = 0x7f130030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f120196
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_large_tail_bubble_offset = 0x7f0706ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ImageViewerDialog.Default = 0x7f120124
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1202ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/inputField = 0x7f0a0177
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_screen_simple = 0x7f0d0015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionMode.Inverse = 0x7f120365
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal.Detached = 0x7f120425
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_512sdp = 0x7f0701f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120203
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_container = 0x7f0a003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_send_message = 0x7f080158
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewTextColor = 0x7f040725
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ivMedia = 0x7f0a0186
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_103sdp = 0x7f070004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_share = 0x7f1100c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f0705c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:xml/backup_rules = 0x7f140000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsDialogStyle = 0x7f040468
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerIconDrawableTintColor = 0x7f0405cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus26sdp = 0x7f0702cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_tabs_icon_color_secondary = 0x7f060202
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f1204a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListLoadingMoreView = 0x7f040636
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f12038d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ListPopupWindow = 0x7f130057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/progressBar = 0x7f0a025a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet = 0x7f120422
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/BaseProgressIndicator = 0x7f13001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f11003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_text_padding_start = 0x7f070696
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableTransition = 0x7f130009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_bottom = 0x7f070531
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f120263
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_589sdp = 0x7f070252
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiAttachmentBottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1201ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_day_of_week_column_header = 0x7f110076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f120306
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display3 = 0x7f1201ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f1201e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e015b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Button = 0x7f12040b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f12035c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e0057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.MediaActivityHeaderTitle = 0x7f1201e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/layoutProgress = 0x7f0a0355
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Design = 0x7f12027a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialToolbar = 0x7f130069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f120439
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f1203a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/clip_horizontal = 0x7f0a00af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderTitleTextStyle = 0x7f040634
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Toolbar = 0x7f1300a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_unpin_message = 0x7f11011d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.FilledButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f12015e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12029a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/TextAppearance = 0x7f1300a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f1200d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplaySmall = 0x7f120242
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_giphy_cancel = 0x7f110125
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_shift_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_search_view = 0x7f0d00da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListViewReactionsStyle = 0x7f04063b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/m3_side_sheet = 0x7f0a01a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.FootnoteBold = 0x7f1201e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageList.UnsupportedAttachment = 0x7f1201c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f12046d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_push_permissions_notifications_message = 0x7f1100bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f07045e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/RecyclerView = 0x7f13008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/galleryContainer = 0x7f0a0141
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_item_vertical_spacer_height = 0x7f070658
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f110050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/GiphyMediaAttachmentView = 0x7f130046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_group_name = 0x7f11005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_delete_confirmation_negative_button = 0x7f11010c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_year_selection = 0x7f110090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.Footnote = 0x7f1201df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f1203b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f1201ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_corner_radius = 0x7f070551
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1200c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageList.Item.Avatar = 0x7f1201c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Flush = 0x7f12045b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/design_fab_background = 0x7f080086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_container_shape = 0x7f0e0152
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f070404
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_59sdp = 0x7f07025f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/KeyFrame = 0x7f13004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1203d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageList.FileAttachment = 0x7f1201bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120275
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_container_color = 0x7f0e0167
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/searchview_clear_text_content_description = 0x7f1100a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsedSize = 0x7f0400e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f12013f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_toggle_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadSeparatorTextFontAssets = 0x7f04078b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0e003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f120115
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f120475
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Title = 0x7f12025f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_view_tag_bottom_padding = 0x7f0a0201
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/playbackProgressContainer = 0x7f0a0252
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MediaActivity = 0x7f1201b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1200dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1202a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f110047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f1202e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/voiceIcon = 0x7f040878
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface = 0x7f06029e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeDateSeparator = 0x7f040699
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/telltales_tailScale = 0x7f0407d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_error = 0x7f06018a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Medium = 0x7f1203d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color_secondary = 0x7f060204
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text = 0x7f12012e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0e0119
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_width = 0x7f07044b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ivImage = 0x7f0a0184
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_block_user = 0x7f110115
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_slider_range_end = 0x7f110053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus10sdp = 0x7f0702bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AudioRecordPlayerView = 0x7f1201a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_428sdp = 0x7f07018f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bounceEnd = 0x7f0a0080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_212sdp = 0x7f070089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f120117
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemUsernameTextFont = 0x7f0405d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SearchBar = 0x7f13008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hintEnabled = 0x7f04021d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f1204b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/statusBarScrim = 0x7f0403f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/labelVisibilityMode = 0x7f040267
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_color = 0x7f0e0041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120287
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_large_corner_family = 0x7f0b0020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_timepicker_minute = 0x7f110059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f12034f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_launcher_foreground = 0x7f080097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_505sdp = 0x7f0701ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/embed = 0x7f0a010e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/BottomSheetBehavior_Layout = 0x7f13001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e0065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentActivity = 0x7f120199
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiChannelActionsButtonStyle = 0x7f1201d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_509sdp = 0x7f0701f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar = 0x7f12043c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_handle_color = 0x7f0e0124
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.None = 0x7f120178
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_confirm = 0x7f110072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f1203a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem = 0x7f12014c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_64sdp = 0x7f07026c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0159
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/audioSeekBar = 0x7f0a0067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f1203a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f110046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f1203fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f120293
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_frame = 0x7f0a01f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/snackbarButtonStyle = 0x7f0403d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textureEffect = 0x7f040817
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f120375
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_literal_white_shape_16dp_corners = 0x7f080165
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingButtonVisible = 0x7f04058f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/ssp_example = 0x7f0d007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f1204ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_420sdp = 0x7f070187
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.TextButton.Container.Shape = 0x7f12016b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_secondary_text_material_light = 0x7f060012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_color = 0x7f0e0138
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintVertical_bias = 0x7f04029a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiAttachmentsCardViewStyle = 0x7f1201cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f120376
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f12042f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbTextPadding = 0x7f040826
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1202b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_scroll_button_unread_badge_size = 0x7f0706a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/yearStyle = 0x7f04088b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f12037d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f120185
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Surface = 0x7f120447
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MotionEffect = 0x7f130077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f07042a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/OnSwipe = 0x7f130082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.SmallComponent = 0x7f120183
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextView = 0x7f1204ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/StateListDrawable = 0x7f13009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f12044b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/waveVariesBy = 0x7f04087f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f12046c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/list_item = 0x7f0a019c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTextFontAssets = 0x7f0406e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/startHorizontal = 0x7f0a02cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1202b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.LargeComponent = 0x7f120181
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f120104
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_search_bar = 0x7f0d0064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/save_non_transition_alpha = 0x7f0a0284
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_autoShrink = 0x7f040068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f12017e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_tabs_text_color_secondary = 0x7f060206
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f070497
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_error = 0x7f060046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_low = 0x7f0602a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentOptionsBackgroundColor = 0x7f040419
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_helper_text_default_padding_top = 0x7f070535
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceDisplayLarge = 0x7f0407e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_extra_offset = 0x7f0706dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.NavigationView.Item = 0x7f12018c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recordingWaveform = 0x7f0a026e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cardPreventCornerOverlap = 0x7f04009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1204ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1202c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSingleReactionBubbleBorderColorTheirs = 0x7f04075d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_extra_small = 0x7f0705d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f120291
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView.Toolbar = 0x7f120421
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle = 0x7f120038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom = 0x7f0d006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f1203eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_size = 0x7f0703cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1200d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f020011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_318sdp = 0x7f070109
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_name = 0x7f110064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Avatar.Shape = 0x7f120164
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_capital_on = 0x7f110007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationDrawer.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f120161
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.Reply.Avatar = 0x7f1201c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_68sdp = 0x7f070274
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f1202f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f120113
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/wrap_content = 0x7f0a0350
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f12020f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07049c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_timepicker_text_input_mode_description = 0x7f11005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e0068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_radius = 0x7f0705e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Prefix = 0x7f120228
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f1200f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleLanguage = 0x7f0406aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_label_text_type = 0x7f0e000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_27 = 0x7f0a0024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120202
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon1 = 0x7f120153
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout.Fullscreen = 0x7f1203fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiShowActionButton = 0x7f040754
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f120159
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Left = 0x7f120188
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/negativeBtn = 0x7f0a020b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/password_toggle = 0x7f0a023e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_footntoe_edited_label = 0x7f110124
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_oversize_large_icon_bg = 0x7f0800e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f1201fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f120360
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Tertiary = 0x7f1203ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.Icon = 0x7f120456
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f120042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_97ssp = 0x7f0702b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/NO_DEBUG = 0x7f0a0006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary99 = 0x7f06024f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060290
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info.Media = 0x7f120219
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant6 = 0x7f0600c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlUnderlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f120158
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f120126
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/androidx_core_secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f06001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Text = 0x7f120150
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e0081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_group_name = 0x7f110091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/offlineContainer = 0x7f0a0219
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_yesterday = 0x7f110150
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListEmptyStateTextFontAssets = 0x7f040735
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f1201f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_text_padding_top = 0x7f070697
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0e00be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline3 = 0x7f120258
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary95 = 0x7f060139
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f120260
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f120088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/status_bar_notification_info_overflow = 0x7f1100ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/playButtonImageView = 0x7f0a024f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar = 0x7f12011c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_31sdp = 0x7f07010b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_active_indicator_track_space = 0x7f07045a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e011a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f120212
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTextColor = 0x7f0406e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e016a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f120379
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0704f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Elevated = 0x7f1203ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mentionListRecyclerView = 0x7f0a01c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_permission_camera_title = 0x7f1100f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_small_fab_size = 0x7f0704e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f12008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_searchview_description_voice = 0x7f110017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f120110
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_content_description = 0x7f110023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f12010e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Tooltip = 0x7f12043f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f12010d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y2 = 0x7f070505
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title.Media = 0x7f120220
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f120471
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container = 0x7f06017a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f07054e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SearchView = 0x7f130090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f12010c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton.Icon = 0x7f1203b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long1 = 0x7f0b000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_month_subhead_type = 0x7f0e001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f120106
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Line2.Media = 0x7f12021b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f120400
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f12028e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Text = 0x7f120156
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/stop = 0x7f0a02d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ChipGroup = 0x7f130027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_background = 0x7f0601d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar = 0x7f120377
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/counterOverflowTextColor = 0x7f04015a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070452
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_edit_message = 0x7f110112
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0800d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AttachmentActivity = 0x7f130013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Colored = 0x7f12044e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadMessageCounterTextFont = 0x7f040785
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/searchbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f1100a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f120319
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f120345
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_bg_gradient = 0x7f0800fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_tint_edittext = 0x7f060015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_text_size_medium = 0x7f070648
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_557sdp = 0x7f07022c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f120432
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view = 0x7f0d0006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_center_overlap_content = 0x7f0d00c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/line1 = 0x7f0a0194
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120419
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentActivity.Image = 0x7f12019a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e0062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_icon_button_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/galleryOverviewButton = 0x7f0a0142
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelSmall = 0x7f120248
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text = 0x7f12032f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_519sdp = 0x7f0701fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_user_status_last_seen = 0x7f11014d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary95 = 0x7f060146
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp = 0x7f080043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f120354
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi = 0x7f120198
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_floating_mic_height = 0x7f070683
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f120118
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberNamesTextStyle = 0x7f040479
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodySmall = 0x7f12022e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060210
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_search_input_search_icon_content_description = 0x7f11014a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1202d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/view_transition = 0x7f0a0343
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_horizontal_offset = 0x7f070664
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accelerate = 0x7f0a000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/title_text_size = 0x7f0706e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_small_tail_bubble_radius = 0x7f0706d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0704ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_top_material = 0x7f070326
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_textfield_stroke_color = 0x7f06020e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/region_heightLessThan = 0x7f040398
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f120364
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f1203b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_427sdp = 0x7f07018e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_text_input_mode = 0x7f11008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material = 0x7f0702ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection.Fullscreen = 0x7f120484
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Detached = 0x7f120423
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f1200f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageComposerView = 0x7f0a01cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.Dark = 0x7f1202f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f120314
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userReactionView = 0x7f0a0333
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_397sdp = 0x7f070168
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_hovered_z = 0x7f0703e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f120268
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary = 0x7f06018c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_divider_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0704bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070460
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cursorColor = 0x7f04015f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationView = 0x7f120494
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userAvatarMineView = 0x7f0a0330
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dataBinding = 0x7f0a00d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.NoActionBar = 0x7f120286
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/select_dialog_singlechoice_material = 0x7f0d007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f120403
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_217sdp = 0x7f07008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_504sdp = 0x7f0701ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Button = 0x7f1204b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:mipmap/ic_launcher_round = 0x7f0f0002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/m3_side_sheet_enter_from_right = 0x7f010026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIndicator = 0x7f0407bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f1200ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_bright = 0x7f0601bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Animation = 0x7f120127
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageReplyView = 0x7f0a01da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MotionHelper = 0x7f130078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f07030c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_shape_search_view_background = 0x7f080172
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_headline_type = 0x7f0e0171
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/region_widthLessThan = 0x7f04039a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f1200e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_date_divider = 0x7f0d00a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1200e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f120374
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_duration_text_view_margin_start = 0x7f070626
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/permissionx_body_sensor_background = 0x7f1100a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f12034b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/itemBackgroundView = 0x7f0a0180
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors.Empty = 0x7f1202ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.SmallComponent = 0x7f12017d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_floating_locked_height = 0x7f070681
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_vertical_padding = 0x7f070582
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/LinearLayoutCompat = 0x7f130054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1200d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/playButtonCardView = 0x7f0a024e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Small = 0x7f1200d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f1204bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorLanguage = 0x7f04066a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1202bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f1200c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeMine = 0x7f0406a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f120072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Capability = 0x7f13001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ViewReactions = 0x7f1201cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1200c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderCancelButton = 0x7f1203f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_singlechoice = 0x7f0d004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_today_stroke = 0x7f070571
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f1200a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_slider_halo_color = 0x7f0602b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_error_notification_group_summary_title = 0x7f1100af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Shortcut = 0x7f12014e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageStrokeColorMine = 0x7f040663
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/rootContainer = 0x7f0a027d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral80 = 0x7f060118
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary = 0x7f06028c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiErrorMessageTextFont = 0x7f0404b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_577sdp = 0x7f070244
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1200a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputHintText = 0x7f0405e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f0600bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.Medium = 0x7f1203cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f12010f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoLengthTextStyle = 0x7f040586
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0c0003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_pressed = 0x7f110095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/SYM = 0x7f0a000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1200df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton = 0x7f1202e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f12009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Entry = 0x7f120465
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f120162
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f120301
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_user_block = 0x7f080161
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle1 = 0x7f12025d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless = 0x7f1200cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f120243
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:font/font_regular = 0x7f090005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12028d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120119
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f0705c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f12033f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f12001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_1 = 0x7f0b0028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_outline_color = 0x7f0e00b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_card_view_ripple = 0x7f0602c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time.Media = 0x7f12021e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f120095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e015a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/centerCrop = 0x7f0a0095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transitionImageContainer = 0x7f0a0313
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/RecycleListView = 0x7f130089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/buttonPanel = 0x7f0a0084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f060245
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Handle.Shape = 0x7f120168
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_mentions_empty = 0x7f080143
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07041e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TitleItem = 0x7f12014a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_chip_dragged_translation_z = 0x7f0703ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f12003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.DisplayMedium = 0x7f120241
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/topLeft = 0x7f0a030e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_year_abbr = 0x7f11008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f12008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display2 = 0x7f1201ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_thread_reply = 0x7f08015d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MockView = 0x7f130075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f120087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_fab_size_mini = 0x7f070369
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Body.Text = 0x7f120131
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f12037f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_419sdp = 0x7f070184
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/titleImageView = 0x7f0a0308
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_trailing_content_vertical_padding = 0x7f07068e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/loader_color = 0x7f06034b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_clock_hand = 0x7f0a01ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppCompatSeekBar = 0x7f13000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/SHOW_PROGRESS = 0x7f0a000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_outlined_stroke_color = 0x7f0602e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/altSrc = 0x7f040030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/match_constraint = 0x7f0a01a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f12046f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_height = 0x7f070472
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_515sdp = 0x7f0701fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickColorActive = 0x7f04082c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/asConfigured = 0x7f0a0056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/streamUiQuotedImageAttachmentImageRadius = 0x7f070615
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f12007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f0600be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Sheet.Side.Docked.Container.Shape = 0x7f120167
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_chip_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0703ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_content = 0x7f1100b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e00f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f12040a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f12007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/percent = 0x7f0a0242
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fitEnd = 0x7f0a0130
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f120079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f120135
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f120048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageOptionsScroll = 0x7f0a01d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_permission_setting_message = 0x7f1100f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/transitionShapeAppearance = 0x7f040866
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0e0110
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1202ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ChipGroup = 0x7f120467
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Action = 0x7f120463
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120327
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ChannelListView = 0x7f130024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0a01b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e00a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_display_ripple_color = 0x7f060214
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/hide_bottom_view_on_scroll_behavior = 0x7f110034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0e00eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Motion = 0x7f130076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadMessageCounterFontAssets = 0x7f040783
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_end_selected = 0x7f11007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_cursor_width = 0x7f070529
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse_disabled = 0x7f0602ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderCancelButton = 0x7f0402de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f1203f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recordingTimer = 0x7f0a026d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userReactionsTitleTextView = 0x7f0a0335
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentPager = 0x7f0a005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_80sdp = 0x7f070290
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleMarginEnd = 0x7f04083d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_icon_button_background_selector = 0x7f06032c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ShapeableImageView = 0x7f130092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_horizontal_offset = 0x7f070548
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/hide_ime_id = 0x7f0a0160
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f120033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0e003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f120129
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ratio = 0x7f0a025e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_small_tail_bubble_radius = 0x7f07066c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transitionToEnd = 0x7f0a0315
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/clock_face_margin_start = 0x7f07034d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/StreamUiStyleable = 0x7f13009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f08000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.Chip = 0x7f120102
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f120018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialButtonToggleGroup = 0x7f1203f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material_anim = 0x7f080037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_35sdp = 0x7f07013b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f1200dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f110052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f070454
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f120000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_user_status_last_seen_just_now = 0x7f11014e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar.Inverse = 0x7f12035d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Subtitle = 0x7f12002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/decor_content_parent = 0x7f0a00da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary0 = 0x7f060148
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_corner_size = 0x7f070397
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_empty = 0x7f1100d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f06024c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_ok = 0x7f110144
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_moderation_dialog_edit = 0x7f110141
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07046a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_video_display_error = 0x7f11013d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_end_hint = 0x7f110087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_container_shape = 0x7f0e014f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_unread_separator = 0x7f11013c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transition_pause_alpha = 0x7f0a031b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_flag_confirmation_positive_button = 0x7f110120
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_read = 0x7f1100b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_mute_user = 0x7f110132
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/KeyTrigger = 0x7f130052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_header_back_button_content_description = 0x7f110129
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_action_bar_home_description = 0x7f110000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/material_motion_duration_medium_2 = 0x7f0b0029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_back_progress_bottom_container_max_scale_y_distance = 0x7f0703a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b0033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_giphy_title = 0x7f110128
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_large_tail_bubble_cy = 0x7f0706ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cancel_button = 0x7f0a008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_327sdp = 0x7f070114
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageList.GiphyMediaAttachment = 0x7f1201be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f120197
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f120477
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e0133
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f1200e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/androidx_startup = 0x7f11001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_flag_confirmation_negative_button = 0x7f11011f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_size_min = 0x7f0703ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary = 0x7f060198
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipIconTint = 0x7f0400c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120143
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter = 0x7f120222
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_pin_message = 0x7f11011b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AvatarView = 0x7f130018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus16sdp = 0x7f0702c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed = 0x7f0800d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.CaptionBold = 0x7f1201de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1200a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_timepicker_ok_button = 0x7f0a01ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f0600e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/imageAttachmentContent = 0x7f0a0170
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Tooltip = 0x7f1300a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialCalendar = 0x7f13005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_copy_message = 0x7f11010a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f120132
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.Material3.Search = 0x7f120044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_attachment_load_failed = 0x7f110104
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_attachment_invalid_url = 0x7f110103
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_preview_item = 0x7f0d00d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/selected = 0x7f0a02a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_slide_to_cancel = 0x7f1100ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection = 0x7f11006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_permission_storage_title = 0x7f1100fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_small_tail_bubble_cy = 0x7f0706bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_rar = 0x7f080131
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SwitchMaterial = 0x7f13009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_separator_color = 0x7f0e0165
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f120383
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_bar_subtitle = 0x7f0a003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSaveMediaEnabled = 0x7f040702
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Right = 0x7f120189
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_toolbar_collapse_description = 0x7f11001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_error_file_size = 0x7f1100e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_sys_color_light_surface_tint = 0x7f0e0176
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long4 = 0x7f0b0012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f12036a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_capture_media_video = 0x7f1100e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy = 0x7f1203cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_capture_media = 0x7f1100e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_moderation_dialog_title = 0x7f110143
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/actionDownUp = 0x7f0a0033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_untitled_channel = 0x7f1100d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/clear_text = 0x7f0a00ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_83sdp = 0x7f070296
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_background = 0x7f060161
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_header_disconnected = 0x7f1100d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_range = 0x7f11007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_result_item_title_margin_start = 0x7f0706b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_width = 0x7f07049b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f120027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/subtitle_shadow_offset = 0x7f0706d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f120385
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListMenuView = 0x7f12036f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_header_connected = 0x7f1100d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_header = 0x7f0a01f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_outline_color = 0x7f0e0154
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_ripple_color = 0x7f0602dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_dismiss_dialog = 0x7f1100d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_delete_confirmation_negative_button = 0x7f1100cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f120311
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_delete_channel = 0x7f1100cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e015c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/NavigationRailView = 0x7f13007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f1202fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f1200cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_unsupported_attachment = 0x7f1100ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/editTextStyle = 0x7f04019b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/onDateChanged = 0x7f0a0220
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f1200b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/NavigationBarView = 0x7f13007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_list_recording = 0x7f1100c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/endIconCheckable = 0x7f0401a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f07041b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120308
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_track_color = 0x7f0e012e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_material_light = 0x7f060300
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight = 0x7f120266
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.ActionBar = 0x7f1200f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_video_display_error = 0x7f1100c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f06024a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_mic = 0x7f080144
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberInfoTextFontAssets = 0x7f040472
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f1203fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f06023a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12026e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_center_content = 0x7f0d00c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_94ssp = 0x7f0702af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_preview_preparing = 0x7f1100c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1200c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontThreadCounter = 0x7f040694
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_shareactionprovider_share_with = 0x7f110018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/auto = 0x7f0a0069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTextFontAssets = 0x7f04073a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SearchInputView = 0x7f13008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f060096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/spring = 0x7f0a02c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f120114
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.LinearProgressIndicator = 0x7f120474
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbStrokeColor = 0x7f040824
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_shape = 0x7f0e0039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_timepicker_container = 0x7f0a01b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f12045c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_search_url_text_pressed = 0x7f06000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_multichoice = 0x7f0d004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_reply = 0x7f1100b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f120437
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_empty_username = 0x7f1100b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_m4a = 0x7f080126
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_channel_id = 0x7f1100b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_pin_message = 0x7f110133
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialTimePicker = 0x7f120307
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/side_sheet_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f1100ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/suggestionRowLayout = 0x7f0407b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ChannelListScreen.ActionsDialog = 0x7f1201af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f120350
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/TextEffects = 0x7f1300a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/searchPrefixText = 0x7f0403a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1200ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_container_height = 0x7f070423
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_morphing = 0x7f110093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f120468
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_selected = 0x7f110081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button = 0x7f1203a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_out_of_range = 0x7f11007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleSmall = 0x7f12023a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_year_description = 0x7f11007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_icon_group = 0x7f0d006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_state_description = 0x7f0a02e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ProgressIndicator = 0x7f120499
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e0050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ActionMenuView = 0x7f130003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_189sdp = 0x7f07006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_toolbar_text_size_title = 0x7f070518
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_bottom_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0d0022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f120097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_89sdp = 0x7f0702a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_navigate_to_current_year_description = 0x7f11007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/FontFamily = 0x7f130041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAlsoSendToChannelCheckboxDrawable = 0x7f04053e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReactionsBubbleColorTheirs = 0x7f0406f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_87ssp = 0x7f07029f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1202dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/viewTransitionOnPositiveCross = 0x7f040876
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MediaAttachmentGridView = 0x7f13006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/view_tree_view_model_store_owner = 0x7f0a0347
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_use = 0x7f11007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_footntoe_edited_at = 0x7f110123
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_color = 0x7f0e0173
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_pinned_message_list_empty_title = 0x7f110146
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_229sdp = 0x7f07009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07040f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format_example = 0x7f110079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorMessageDeletedTheirs = 0x7f040670
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f08001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f120028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Medium = 0x7f120170
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_selection_none = 0x7f110070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_group_name = 0x7f110063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/actionButton = 0x7f0a0031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070458
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnContainerUnchecked = 0x7f0400fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_checked = 0x7f110062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f1202e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f0703c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAlsoSendToChannelCheckboxTextColor = 0x7f040540
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_shape = 0x7f0e003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error0 = 0x7f0600fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_dialog_headline_type = 0x7f0e0025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium = 0x7f120026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_name = 0x7f110061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f12036b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_badge_numberless_content_description = 0x7f11005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_timepicker_pm = 0x7f11005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f12047c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_timepicker_am = 0x7f110056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MediaAttachmentView = 0x7f13006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_motion_easing_decelerated = 0x7f11004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_motion_easing_accelerated = 0x7f11004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_minute_selection = 0x7f11004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_45sdp = 0x7f0701b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/by_count = 0x7f0a0085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_hour_24h_suffix = 0x7f110049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_thread_divider = 0x7f0d00ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f110044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary = 0x7f0601f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0146
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f12049b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/checked = 0x7f0a00a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TonalButton = 0x7f1202e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f1203d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_path_data = 0x7f11003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/sharedValueSet = 0x7f0a02af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_regular = 0x7f110039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/readCount = 0x7f0a0263
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_bar_title = 0x7f0a003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialAutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f13005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Surface = 0x7f120321
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_518sdp = 0x7f0701fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/permissionx_access_background_location = 0x7f1100a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/clear_text_end_icon_content_description = 0x7f11002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_camera_access = 0x7f1100e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f1203fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/permissionx_post_notification = 0x7f1100a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageListView = 0x7f0a01d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/suggestionsCardView = 0x7f0a02d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.BottomAppBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f12015c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/character_counter_pattern = 0x7f11002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f120041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f1203f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_chip_assist_text_color = 0x7f060077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07048d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_horizontal_gap = 0x7f070524
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_navigation_menu = 0x7f0d002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_clock_dial_selector_handle_container_color = 0x7f0e014d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/character_counter_content_description = 0x7f11002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_big_media_custom = 0x7f0d006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long1 = 0x7f0b0013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_493sdp = 0x7f0701de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyMedium = 0x7f12022d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/call_notification_screening_text = 0x7f11002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_pinned_message_list_loading_more_view = 0x7f0d00d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textLocale = 0x7f040810
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070444
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1202b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/pagerContainer = 0x7f0a0238
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070511
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/bottomsheet_action_expand = 0x7f110020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f12029e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f0600d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeGravity = 0x7f040707
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/constraint_referenced_tags = 0x7f040136
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_container_color = 0x7f0e0113
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f12031c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleSmall = 0x7f12024f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_searchview_description_query = 0x7f110014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_text_cursor_material = 0x7f080072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_overview_title = 0x7f1100c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_searchview_description_clear = 0x7f110013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_enter_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_575sdp = 0x7f070242
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_circle_blue = 0x7f0800fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Large = 0x7f12016f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f120003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1201ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_alt_shortcut_label = 0x7f110008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all = 0x7f110004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_calendar_header_orientation = 0x7f0b0030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_toggle_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_472sdp = 0x7f0701c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0156
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:plurals/stream_ui_message_list_thread_separator = 0x7f100006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bg_chat_color = 0x7f060022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cradle = 0x7f0a00ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaAttachmentNoMediaTextFont = 0x7f040571
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f1200d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl = 0x7f080075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f1202f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1202a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f120184
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textFillColor = 0x7f040807
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_white_shape_circular = 0x7f080179
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f1200db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ImageViewerDialog = 0x7f120123
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_headline_color = 0x7f0e016d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f120372
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.LinearProgressIndicator.Legacy = 0x7f1203ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f080003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f12006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_menu_presenter = 0x7f0a0041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0e010e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/giphyQueryTextView = 0x7f0a014b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f12041d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f1204a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_headline_type = 0x7f0e0151
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/pinIndicatorTextView = 0x7f0a024a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_container_color = 0x7f0e0034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/linProgress = 0x7f0a0356
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e0148
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/path_percent = 0x7f040371
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_default_corner_size = 0x7f0703e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e0139
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120272
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_272sdp = 0x7f0700d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/message = 0x7f0a01cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0143
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.Headline = 0x7f1201e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e012b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_activity_attachment_media = 0x7f0d0082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_hour_text_input = 0x7f0a01b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/threadsOrnamentLeft = 0x7f0a0300
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_sending_links_not_allowed = 0x7f1100fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_478sdp = 0x7f0701cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleLinkDescription = 0x7f0406ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontProviderCerts = 0x7f0401fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/triggerReceiver = 0x7f040868
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short2 = 0x7f0b001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_dim = 0x7f06017f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_container = 0x7f0a0205
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentStrokeColor = 0x7f0404c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/sendMessageButton = 0x7f0a02aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0e012a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface = 0x7f060190
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_item_size = 0x7f070666
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageItemView = 0x7f0a01d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f12031a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0800d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0e0125
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelListView = 0x7f0a00a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0e0123
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.NavigationButton = 0x7f120116
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0122
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_header_retry = 0x7f11012d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/view_offset_helper = 0x7f0a0342
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/multiply = 0x7f0a0202
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0e0120
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1202a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/permissionx_ic_install = 0x7f0800ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_track_color = 0x7f0e011b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_flag_message = 0x7f110118
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0118
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f11003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/standard = 0x7f0a02cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_vector_test = 0x7f08007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f12011a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIconOnlyVisibleToYou = 0x7f040500
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_btn_stroke_color_selector = 0x7f0602c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/startVertical = 0x7f0a02cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/fastscroll_default_thickness = 0x7f070388
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:mipmap/ic_launcher = 0x7f0f0000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f1200a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxBackgroundColor = 0x7f04007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scrollable = 0x7f0a0290
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_attachment_file = 0x7f0d009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_layout_tab_icon = 0x7f0d0025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_color = 0x7f0e010c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/pin = 0x7f0a0249
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f1202c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_badge_large_size = 0x7f0703f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1200c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_letter_spacing = 0x7f07055b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar = 0x7f1200f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate = 0x7f0800c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/header = 0x7f0a015b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0e010b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.Primary = 0x7f120445
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Body.Text = 0x7f120128
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_300sdp = 0x7f0700f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0e0036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f060259
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_shape = 0x7f0e0109
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_preview_sender = 0x7f11013e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0e00fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_giphy_shuffle = 0x7f110127
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/FlowLayout = 0x7f130040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_528sdp = 0x7f070209
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SingleReactionView = 0x7f130094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e00f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonRippleColor = 0x7f040713
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dialogContainer = 0x7f0a00ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/time = 0x7f0a0304
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_dialog = 0x7f0d005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f120305
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary0 = 0x7f06012e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f1201e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu = 0x7f1200e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl = 0x7f080073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range = 0x7f0d0063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Media = 0x7f12021c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_shape = 0x7f0e00a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_font_2_0_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f070534
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e00ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_attachment_uploading = 0x7f110108
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material = 0x7f0702fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist = 0x7f1203be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_294sdp = 0x7f0700eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_type = 0x7f0e00ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModePasteDrawable = 0x7f040019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSystemMessageTextSize = 0x7f04076b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MentionPreview.Item.Avatar = 0x7f1201ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_522sdp = 0x7f070203
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0703b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f12034a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_translated = 0x7f110139
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral98 = 0x7f06011f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/touchAnchorId = 0x7f040850
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e00e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f1202b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f12016c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate = 0x7f0c0008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_radial_view_group = 0x7f0d003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.NavigationBarView.ActiveIndicator = 0x7f12017c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_progress_indicator_track_color = 0x7f0e00d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3 = 0x7f12018f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_timepicker_clock_mode_description = 0x7f110057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ImageViewerDialog.NoStatusBar = 0x7f120125
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/secondTheirUserImage = 0x7f0a02a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_header_headline_type = 0x7f0e001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f12039a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_light = 0x7f060342
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_progress_indicator_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e00d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_icon_color = 0x7f0e0008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120270
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120193
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_container_color = 0x7f0e00cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f1200c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_450sdp = 0x7f0701ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ShapeableImageView = 0x7f12049a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/firstTheirUserImage = 0x7f0a012e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120497
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTimeTextFont = 0x7f04073e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_height = 0x7f07046e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e00c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f060264
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_165sdp = 0x7f07004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout = 0x7f12011e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Slider = 0x7f130095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsWarningItemTextFontAssets = 0x7f04047e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0e00b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton = 0x7f120362
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.SearchView = 0x7f12036d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MediaActivity.HeaderTitle = 0x7f1201b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0e00af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f0c0009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_dragged_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1202ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant17 = 0x7f0600c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e015d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f060255
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_btn_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_container_outline_color = 0x7f0e0012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0d0047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_avatar_size = 0x7f070466
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiWarningMessageOptionsTextFontAssets = 0x7f0407a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiWarningMessageOptionsTextColor = 0x7f04079e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelDeleteIcon = 0x7f040482
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f120404
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e0103
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/rippleColor = 0x7f04039e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/giphyPreview = 0x7f0a014a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f1202f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120276
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0e011c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_collapsible = 0x7f0403ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_search_prefix = 0x7f0a022d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0e007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard = 0x7f0c000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark = 0x7f080059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary30 = 0x7f06013f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_attachment_tab_button = 0x7f060311
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e0072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/call_notification_decline_action = 0x7f110026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_539sdp = 0x7f070216
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiCooldownBadgeStyle = 0x7f1201d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f1203f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_share = 0x7f080159
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Calendar = 0x7f12032e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_dismiss = 0x7f08011a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/expand_activities_button = 0x7f0a011d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_calendar_selection_frame = 0x7f0a01f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f120329
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_media_custom = 0x7f0d0072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_group_avatar_initials = 0x7f070671
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display = 0x7f12033a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f1202ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_icon_tint = 0x7f06005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f120138
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderOfflineLabelTextColor = 0x7f040620
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_280sdp = 0x7f0700db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/layout_progress_bar = 0x7f0d00e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_mark_as_unread = 0x7f080141
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableItem = 0x7f130008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TabLayout.OnSurface = 0x7f12042e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Legacy = 0x7f120428
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.MaterialComponents = 0x7f12013d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_menu_container_color = 0x7f0e005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_snackbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f070562
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ProgressBar.Horizontal = 0x7f120378
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_day_selection = 0x7f11008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked = 0x7f0800d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_height = 0x7f0b003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/disjoint = 0x7f0a00f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon.Elevated = 0x7f1203c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyCancelButtonTextSize = 0x7f0404cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayEditReactionsMarginEnd = 0x7f0406cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f1203b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filter_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_color = 0x7f0e004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MessageListComposerStyle = 0x7f1204c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_card_container_color = 0x7f0e0046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar = 0x7f1200d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0e003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f1203d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CardView = 0x7f130020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.DayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f12047b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_push_permissions_setting_button = 0x7f1100bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CardView.Outlined = 0x7f1203bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0e003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/call_notification_answer_video_action = 0x7f110025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_content_padding = 0x7f07056d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f07042d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_media_cancel_action = 0x7f0d0069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f120100
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0e0037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeWithTextShapeAppearance = 0x7f040060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_foreground_channel_list = 0x7f080106
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/emptyPlaceholderTextView = 0x7f0a0113
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/groups = 0x7f0a0159
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1200fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_min_width = 0x7f0703ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_attachment_gallery_image = 0x7f0d00a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/minTouchTargetSize = 0x7f040313
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_container_color = 0x7f0e0030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_5sdp = 0x7f070261
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f120438
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_divider_color = 0x7f0e0028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_error = 0x7f060285
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1202ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f120021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_mov = 0x7f08012a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_350sdp = 0x7f070131
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/UnsupportedAttachmentView = 0x7f1300ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hintTextAppearance = 0x7f04021e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_color = 0x7f0602fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_navigation_item_subheader = 0x7f0d002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1203ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_hint = 0x7f110086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f120313
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_headline_type = 0x7f0e0016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f120436
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f1200f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0158
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/anticipate = 0x7f0a0054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_body_1_material = 0x7f070337
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_icon_color = 0x7f0e000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f06004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_clock_display = 0x7f0a01a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout = 0x7f0d0012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0a02f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/editReactionsView = 0x7f0a0108
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_grid_menu = 0x7f08013d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_container_color = 0x7f0e014e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_color = 0x7f0e0007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.HelperText = 0x7f120225
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListEmptyStateTextStyle = 0x7f040737
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0155
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorMine = 0x7f040671
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/ratingBarStyle = 0x7f040390
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f120498
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e0000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f1202cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item = 0x7f0d00e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transition_image_transform = 0x7f0a0319
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f12032a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/by_last_reaction_at = 0x7f0a0087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadLabelButtonTextColor = 0x7f04077e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_unsupported_attachment_preview = 0x7f0d00dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/contentPanel = 0x7f0a00c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_checkbox_button_icon_tint = 0x7f060075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialCheckBox = 0x7f130060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_typing_indicator_animation_view = 0x7f0d00dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120269
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_578sdp = 0x7f070245
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_transition_group = 0x7f0a02e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.VideoAttachments = 0x7f1201a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox = 0x7f1204a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus4sdp = 0x7f0702e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_center_coordinate = 0x7f0b003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarOnlineIndicatorBorderColor = 0x7f040453
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_reply_view = 0x7f0d00d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_background = 0x7f0601a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f1200e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_surface_disabled = 0x7f06027b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_header_thread_subtitle = 0x7f11012e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_white = 0x7f06033a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/bottomsheet_action_expand_halfway = 0x7f110021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/KeyFramesAcceleration = 0x7f13004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f060191
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_options_view = 0x7f0d00d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_586sdp = 0x7f07024f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_list_view = 0x7f0d00d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_start_date_description = 0x7f110085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_44sdp = 0x7f0701a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_list_loading_more_view = 0x7f0d00cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MediaActivity.HeaderLeftActionButton = 0x7f1201b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_search_black_24 = 0x7f0800a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonElevation = 0x7f04070f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_footer_content = 0x7f0d00ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_center_overlap_floating_lock = 0x7f0d00c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_center_overlap_floating_hold = 0x7f0d00c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f120096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_207sdp = 0x7f070082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_container_color = 0x7f0e00f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_system_message = 0x7f0d00b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/btnClose = 0x7f0a0082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/blurLayer = 0x7f0a0077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_selected_attachment_file = 0x7f0d00b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/activity_main = 0x7f0d001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_search_result = 0x7f0d00b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSingleReactionViewStyle = 0x7f040763
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_text_field_input_text_type = 0x7f0e0042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderSelection = 0x7f120483
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbIconSize = 0x7f040820
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_medium = 0x7f0705f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/helperTextTextAppearance = 0x7f040215
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_recording_attachment = 0x7f0d00b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaAttachmentsTabEnabled = 0x7f040575
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_message_reaction = 0x7f0d00b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ListView.DropDown = 0x7f1200e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_message_deleted = 0x7f0d00af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_link_attachment = 0x7f0d00ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_mp3 = 0x7f08012b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_error_message = 0x7f0d00a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentActivity.WebView = 0x7f12019c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/indicatorInset = 0x7f04023a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/left = 0x7f0a0191
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_custom_attachments = 0x7f0d00a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f120280
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_command = 0x7f0d00a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/EditReactionsView = 0x7f13003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_giphy_media_attachment_view = 0x7f0d009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_fragment_attachment_media = 0x7f0d0098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileThumbImageView = 0x7f0a0125
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderShowBackButton = 0x7f04062b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MentionListView = 0x7f13006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ViewTransition = 0x7f1300b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MessageListStyle = 0x7f1204c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.HarmonizedColors = 0x7f1202fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_date = 0x7f1100bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height = 0x7f070301
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_giphy_send = 0x7f110126
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_fragment_attachment_file = 0x7f0d0097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_label_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0704cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiBottomSheetShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f1201d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_dialog_message_options = 0x7f0d0093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f06012b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1202ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/clockFaceBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_channel_option_item = 0x7f0d008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_channel_list_item_background_view = 0x7f0d008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_channel_list_header_view = 0x7f0d0089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_full_corner_family = 0x7f0b0022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f120207
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate = 0x7f110041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout = 0x7f12049f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/trailingContent = 0x7f0a0312
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentGiphyIcon = 0x7f0404db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__1 = 0x7f08001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_options_view = 0x7f0d0083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f120070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_mention_list = 0x7f0d00ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/parallax = 0x7f0a0239
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsTitleIconDrawable = 0x7f0405b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_header_member_count_online = 0x7f11012b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_date_divider_background = 0x7f080103
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f1201fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/permissionx_default_dialog_layout = 0x7f0d0075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Subtitle = 0x7f120262
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_lines_media = 0x7f0d0070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f1201fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shouldRemoveExpandedCorners = 0x7f0403bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight_default = 0x7f040287
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoLengthTextColor = 0x7f040582
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageList = 0x7f1201bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_565sdp = 0x7f070236
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_secondary = 0x7f06029a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_active_indicator_container_color = 0x7f0e0019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_bottom_padding = 0x7f070395
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeMessageDeletedMine = 0x7f04069f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_big_media = 0x7f0d006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f120363
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0d0062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackColorActive = 0x7f040855
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_fullscreen = 0x7f0d005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_127sdp = 0x7f070020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120298
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/unlabeled = 0x7f0a0327
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Corner.Bottom = 0x7f120187
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0703d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/videoView = 0x7f0a0341
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_exceed_max_badge_text_suffix = 0x7f110037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintRight_toLeftOf = 0x7f040292
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light = 0x7f080058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_dialog = 0x7f0d005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f12032c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0d0054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_overflow_material = 0x7f080049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSingleReactionBubbleBorderWidthTheirs = 0x7f04075f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f120036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsTitleTextFont = 0x7f0405ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog = 0x7f0d0046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1202d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_medium_corner_family = 0x7f0b0024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Snackbar = 0x7f12045e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_more = 0x7f080147
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_error_container = 0x7f0601d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_weekdays_label_text_color = 0x7f0e001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_time_input = 0x7f0d0042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0d0040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeBackground = 0x7f040012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/m3_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0d0035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0d002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0d0024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date = 0x7f12032d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_avatar_avatar_size = 0x7f07042b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/verticalGuideline = 0x7f0a033b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleMarginStart = 0x7f04083e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListPopupWindow = 0x7f120370
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_show_in_chat = 0x7f1100c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_load_notification_data_title = 0x7f1100b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/replyText = 0x7f0a0275
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_list_menu_item_icon = 0x7f0d000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0153
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/path_password_eye = 0x7f11009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AppBarLayout.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120446
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/icon_content_description = 0x7f110035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.AlertDialog.AppCompat = 0x7f12000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Search = 0x7f12030c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item = 0x7f0d0007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Tertiary = 0x7f1203e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button = 0x7f12020d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized = 0x7f0c0007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialDividerHeavyStyle = 0x7f0402f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_action_menu_layout = 0x7f0d0003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subheaderInsetEnd = 0x7f0407a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1200e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_clockface_textview = 0x7f0d003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f1200fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120107
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_user_reaction = 0x7f0d00bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileTypeImageView = 0x7f0a0128
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_11 = 0x7f0a0013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c0006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f1202de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f120380
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_three_dots_menu = 0x7f08015e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/TextInputEditText = 0x7f1300a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120340
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f12003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_1 = 0x7f0c0001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_toolbar_action_menu_item_vertical_offset = 0x7f070549
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1202bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerFamilyTopLeft = 0x7f04014f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_view_visible = 0x7f0b0041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_message_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0705ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.NavigationView = 0x7f12038f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Empty = 0x7f120271
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_switch_track_viewport_width = 0x7f0b003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070508
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pre_morphing_duration = 0x7f0b0038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_speed_button_height = 0x7f070639
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_template_icon_bg = 0x7f0800e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/withinBounds = 0x7f0a034e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_badge_max_character_count = 0x7f0b002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bold = 0x7f0a0078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/material_motion_duration_short_2 = 0x7f0b002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_share_error = 0x7f1100c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackColorInactive = 0x7f040856
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_image_attachment_width = 0x7f07067a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f120396
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x2 = 0x7f0704fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_176sdp = 0x7f07005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox = 0x7f120337
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short4 = 0x7f0b001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_outline_box_expanded_padding = 0x7f0705fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight_max = 0x7f040288
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandsHandlingEnabled = 0x7f0405c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_height = 0x7f0706a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long3 = 0x7f0b0015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/wrap_content_constrained = 0x7f0a0351
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f1203e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/sin = 0x7f0a02b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.AppCompat = 0x7f12013b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120250
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f120216
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsWarningItemTextFont = 0x7f04047d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/west = 0x7f0a034b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_plate = 0x7f0a029d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_textfield_search_material = 0x7f08007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/view_tree_saved_state_registry_owner = 0x7f0a0346
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_item_title = 0x7f070651
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_input_text_type = 0x7f0e00f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_bar_activity_content = 0x7f0a0036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/playerView = 0x7f0a0253
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dropdownListPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f040196
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_file_attachment = 0x7f0d00a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_timepicker_select_time = 0x7f11005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_day_of_week = 0x7f0d004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userAvatarView = 0x7f0a0331
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/neverCompleteToStart = 0x7f0a020f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12029b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/closeIcon = 0x7f0400df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/uniform = 0x7f0a0326
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/typingIndicatorView = 0x7f0a0324
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ClockHandView = 0x7f13002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionMode = 0x7f120444
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_timepicker_mode_button = 0x7f0a01b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f08000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:plurals/stream_ui_channel_list_member_info = 0x7f100001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_525sdp = 0x7f070206
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/permissionx_write_settings = 0x7f1100a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/triangle = 0x7f0a031f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyMedium = 0x7f12023e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1200aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Medium = 0x7f12046a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/lastMessageTimeLabel = 0x7f0a018e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transition_position = 0x7f0a031c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEffect_viewTransition = 0x7f04033f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transitionToStart = 0x7f0a0316
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/top = 0x7f0a030d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/m3_alert_dialog = 0x7f0d0033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_headline_color = 0x7f0e0150
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Secondary = 0x7f1203e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral17 = 0x7f0600a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/titleDividerNoCustom = 0x7f0a0307
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0131
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Surface = 0x7f1203db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_only_start_selected = 0x7f110080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_color = 0x7f0e002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_small_tail_bubble_offset = 0x7f07066b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiBackgroundColor = 0x7f04045e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textinput_suffix_text = 0x7f0a02fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_extended_fab_icon_padding = 0x7f0704a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingLinear = 0x7f040332
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingButtonPreferred = 0x7f04058e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textinput_prefix_text = 0x7f0a02fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f120346
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f0402d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_media_attachment = 0x7f0d00ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textTop = 0x7f0a02f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.Badge = 0x7f120180
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/text = 0x7f0a02eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_navigation_item_header = 0x7f0d0029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Icon = 0x7f120134
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_variant = 0x7f0602a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_small_icon_size_as_large = 0x7f07060f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1202dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f12039b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ClockFaceView = 0x7f130029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recordingStop = 0x7f0a026c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Header = 0x7f12003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialRadioButton = 0x7f130063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_item_vertical_spacer_position = 0x7f070659
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/config_tooltipAnimTime = 0x7f0b0005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listPreferredItemHeightLarge = 0x7f0402c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.RatingBar.Indicator = 0x7f12037a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_160sdp = 0x7f070049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/unreadLabelButton = 0x7f0a032a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120130
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_avatar_gradient_orange = 0x7f060317
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyQueryTextFont = 0x7f0404e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral4 = 0x7f060112
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsTitleTextColor = 0x7f0405b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/immediateStop = 0x7f0a0173
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_checked = 0x7f0800c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_avd_hide_password = 0x7f0800a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/KeyPosition = 0x7f130050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Menu = 0x7f120204
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_chip_input_combo = 0x7f0d0038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/animateRelativeTo = 0x7f040034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeLanguage = 0x7f04069a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_5 = 0x7f0a002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/ensureMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0401ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_on_receive_content_listener = 0x7f0a02e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/elevationOverlayEnabled = 0x7f04019f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_accessibility_clickable_spans = 0x7f0a02df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewSearchIcon = 0x7f040723
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/linkPreviewContainer = 0x7f0a0198
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_accessibility_actions = 0x7f0a02de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/subtitleContainer = 0x7f0a02d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e011f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_mark_as_unread_message = 0x7f110119
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_disabled_z = 0x7f0703dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchbar_outlined_stroke_width = 0x7f0704d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_thread_reply_avatar_half_size = 0x7f070698
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_filled_icon_tint = 0x7f0602d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0402d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.ActionsMenu = 0x7f12019e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/submit_area = 0x7f0a02d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/bottomsheet_action_collapse = 0x7f11001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate = 0x7f110042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/sliderStyle = 0x7f0403d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/status_bar_latest_event_content = 0x7f0a02d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_84sdp = 0x7f070298
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.Body = 0x7f1201db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom_with_large_font = 0x7f0704c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/startToEnd = 0x7f0a02ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0168
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07048e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_rtf = 0x7f080132
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/src_over = 0x7f0a02ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/spread = 0x7f0a02c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_literal_black = 0x7f06032d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents.MediumComponent = 0x7f120182
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f120040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/skipped = 0x7f0a02b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_499sdp = 0x7f0701e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/skipCollapsed = 0x7f0a02b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:plurals/stream_ui_search_results_count = 0x7f100007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/offlineRetryButton = 0x7f0a021b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/exposed_dropdown_menu_content_description = 0x7f110031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/sharedValueUnset = 0x7f0a02b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/sentFiles = 0x7f0a02ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_headline_color = 0x7f0e0084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/replyView = 0x7f0a0276
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/sendButton = 0x7f0a02a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_actions_item_height = 0x7f07064c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewShowUserAvatars = 0x7f040524
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_395sdp = 0x7f070166
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/selectionOverlayView = 0x7f0a02a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_liftable = 0x7f0403f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/selectionMarkImageView = 0x7f0a02a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_555sdp = 0x7f07022a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/grantPermissionsTextView = 0x7f0a0154
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_minute_text_input = 0x7f0a01b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_voice_btn = 0x7f0a029f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_src_text = 0x7f0a029e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_audio_reply_info = 0x7f1100e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_dialog_page_height = 0x7f070620
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_mag_icon = 0x7f0a029c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1202b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox = 0x7f12044a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scrollToBottomButton = 0x7f0a028d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/emptyTitleTextView = 0x7f0a0115
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_chip_background_color = 0x7f0602ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerEditModeText = 0x7f0405cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f1200d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scroll = 0x7f0a0289
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/screen = 0x7f0a0288
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line = 0x7f0d0018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/rounded = 0x7f0a0280
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_326sdp = 0x7f070113
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding = 0x7f070375
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/rootLayout = 0x7f0a027e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_warning = 0x7f080163
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_start = 0x7f0a01ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/reverseSawtooth = 0x7f0a0278
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral90 = 0x7f06011a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_dialog_file_item_height = 0x7f07061d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/icon_group = 0x7f0a016b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recordingPlayback = 0x7f0a026a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintTop_toTopOf = 0x7f040299
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recordAudioButton = 0x7f0a0267
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_181sdp = 0x7f070062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_bottom_sheet_max_width = 0x7f070519
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/endIconMode = 0x7f0401a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recentFilesTextView = 0x7f0a0266
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1202b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_header_offline = 0x7f1100d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelListHeader = 0x7f0a00a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/clearInputButton = 0x7f0a00ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f12038e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCardViewOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recentFilesRecyclerView = 0x7f0a0265
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_search_input_hint = 0x7f110149
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleTextColor = 0x7f040843
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/reactionsView = 0x7f0a0262
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_action_clickable_span = 0x7f0a000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/reactionContainer = 0x7f0a025f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e0136
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/progress_horizontal = 0x7f0a025c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/listView = 0x7f0a019b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_175sdp = 0x7f07005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_up_black_24dp = 0x7f0800b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bottomRight = 0x7f0a007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Search.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f12041c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl = 0x7f080074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/pressed = 0x7f0a0259
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Bridge = 0x7f1202a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/TabLayout = 0x7f1300a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/TabItem = 0x7f1300a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/flip = 0x7f0a0138
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/positiveBtn = 0x7f0a0256
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/photo = 0x7f0a0246
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V7.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1200bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_result_item_option_icon_width = 0x7f0706b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_196sdp = 0x7f070073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/permissionsLayout = 0x7f0a0245
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_39ssp = 0x7f07016c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral24 = 0x7f060110
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/path = 0x7f0a023f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f120309
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0116
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/parentRelative = 0x7f0a023c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus7sdp = 0x7f0702f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short1 = 0x7f0b001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/overshoot = 0x7f0a0236
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_3ssp = 0x7f07016e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_background_emphasis_medium = 0x7f060277
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_stop_circle = 0x7f08015c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tintNavigationIcon = 0x7f040836
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f08006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/original = 0x7f0a0233
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_380sdp = 0x7f070155
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f060199
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f12020b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_toolbar_container = 0x7f0a0230
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_toolbar = 0x7f0a022f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_root = 0x7f0a022b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/onAttachStateChangeListener = 0x7f0a021f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/design_snackbar_out = 0x7f01001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/offlineTextView = 0x7f0a021c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_side_sheet_margin_detached = 0x7f0704dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f1203b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_479sdp = 0x7f0701cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_primary_container = 0x7f060296
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_duration_text_size = 0x7f070624
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/navigation_bar_item_labels_group = 0x7f0a0207
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_date = 0x7f0a01fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar_include = 0x7f0d0058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0a01fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/inward = 0x7f0a017d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_fab_tertiary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEllipsize = 0x7f0404aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f12033e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/mtrl_linear = 0x7f0c0010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0a01ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_focused_holo = 0x7f080053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f060085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120325
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/motion_base = 0x7f0a01ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorTertiary = 0x7f04012b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/moreCountLabel = 0x7f0a01e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialSearchViewToolbarHeight = 0x7f0402fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchView.Prefix = 0x7f12024c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/month_navigation_previous = 0x7f0a01e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipIcon = 0x7f0400c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/month_navigation_next = 0x7f0a01e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/x_left = 0x7f0a0352
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/month_navigation_fragment_toggle = 0x7f0a01e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f1202fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_flag = 0x7f08013b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageTextView = 0x7f0a01dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageLabel = 0x7f0a01d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1202ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionButtonStyle = 0x7f04000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_save_media = 0x7f1100c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_container_shape = 0x7f0e0114
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_checked = 0x7f110092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mini = 0x7f0a01e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaActivityHeaderTitleStyle = 0x7f040516
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_file_attachments = 0x7f0d00a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageInputContainer = 0x7f0a01d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageFooterContainer = 0x7f0a01cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageEditText = 0x7f0a01ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_bubble_height = 0x7f070662
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0d000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageContainer = 0x7f0a01cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_tooltip = 0x7f0d001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaThumbnailImageView = 0x7f0a01c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaFileRecyclerView = 0x7f0a01c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_slider_thumb_color_legacy = 0x7f06015e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_search_margin_bottom = 0x7f07065a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cache_measures = 0x7f0a008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaContainer = 0x7f0a01c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_audio_record_player_background = 0x7f0800fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorTextColor = 0x7f0401b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_305sdp = 0x7f0700fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaAttachmentView = 0x7f0a01c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_551sdp = 0x7f070226
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorAccessibilityLiveRegion = 0x7f0401ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaAttachmentContent = 0x7f0a01be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/onInterceptTouchReturnSwipe = 0x7f0a0221
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_minute_tv = 0x7f0a01b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_469sdp = 0x7f0701c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Full = 0x7f120175
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_clock_display_and_toggle = 0x7f0a01aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderSearchingForNetworkLabelTextFont = 0x7f040626
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/linear = 0x7f0a0196
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/compat_control_corner_material = 0x7f070352
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/line3 = 0x7f0a0195
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/legacy = 0x7f0a0193
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/springBoundary = 0x7f0403db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/leftToRight = 0x7f0a0192
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/view_image_viewer = 0x7f0d00e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_attachment_check = 0x7f08010b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/sawtooth = 0x7f0a0286
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/jumpToStart = 0x7f0a0188
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0705ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFlagOptionIcon = 0x7f0404ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/italic = 0x7f0a017f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/is_pooling_container_tag = 0x7f0a017e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelTitleTextColor = 0x7f040490
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/instantCommandImageView = 0x7f0a017b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_text_input_range_end = 0x7f0a01fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_appbar_size_large = 0x7f0703a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/info = 0x7f0a0176
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ignore = 0x7f0a016d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/iconImageView = 0x7f0a016a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/horizontalDivider = 0x7f0a0166
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/homeAsUp = 0x7f0a0164
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/headerLeftActionButton = 0x7f0a015d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_clock_dial_color = 0x7f0e014c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_action_mode_done = 0x7f110003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentInsetLeft = 0x7f04013c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/notification_icon_bg_color = 0x7f0602f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/group_divider = 0x7f0a0157
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_clock_period_am_button = 0x7f0a01ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/graph = 0x7f0a0155
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_mode_bar_stub = 0x7f0a0043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/giphyLabelTextView = 0x7f0a0149
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/appcompat_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070349
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSecondary = 0x7f04011b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level2 = 0x7f0704ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/giphyLabel = 0x7f0a0148
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat = 0x7f120144
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/main = 0x7f0a01a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/giphyIconImageView = 0x7f0a0147
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ghost_view_holder = 0x7f0a0146
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_delete_confirmation_positive_button = 0x7f11010d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f120255
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/galleryViewPager = 0x7f0a0143
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/easeOut = 0x7f0a0104
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fullscreen_header = 0x7f0a0140
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1204a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_color = 0x7f0e00a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_selection_line_height = 0x7f07057b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fragment_container_view_tag = 0x7f0a013e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/forever = 0x7f0a013d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/footnote = 0x7f0a013b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_right = 0x7f0703d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1200d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReactionSorting = 0x7f0406f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_view_invisible = 0x7f0b0040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessToFilesButtonText = 0x7f040551
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/floating = 0x7f0a0139
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_surface = 0x7f060044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AudioRecordPlayerView = 0x7f130017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fixedHeightDownsampled = 0x7f0a0136
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewBackground = 0x7f040715
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_elevation = 0x7f070428
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f0600ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f12008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_328sdp = 0x7f070115
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/label_channel_list = 0x7f110151
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12030d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_elevated_disabled_z = 0x7f0703de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_chip_close_icon_content_description = 0x7f110069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fixed = 0x7f0a0134
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle = 0x7f04008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_navigation = 0x7f0d0053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_initials = 0x7f07063f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_channel_member = 0x7f0d00a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fitXY = 0x7f0a0133
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fitStart = 0x7f0a0131
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_thread_reply_footnote_translation = 0x7f07069a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fitCenter = 0x7f0a012f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_fragment_channel_actions = 0x7f0d009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_container_width = 0x7f070476
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/firstMineUserImage = 0x7f0a012d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_hover_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileSizeTextView = 0x7f0a0124
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Primary = 0x7f1203e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentContainer = 0x7f0a005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileAttachmentsView = 0x7f0a0120
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/highlighted_text_material_dark = 0x7f060064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_width = 0x7f070473
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_selected_attachment_media_height = 0x7f0706b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/imagesPager = 0x7f0a0172
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_search_margin_start = 0x7f07065c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_162sdp = 0x7f07004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_timepicker_confirm = 0x7f11009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight_min = 0x7f040289
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceLabelMedium = 0x7f0407ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/expanded_menu = 0x7f0a011e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e014b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f0600df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_412sdp = 0x7f07017d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_message_giphy = 0x7f0d00b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/enterAlwaysCollapsed = 0x7f0a011a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_cooldown_badge_background = 0x7f080102
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsItemTextFont = 0x7f04046a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/title = 0x7f0a0306
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontReadCounter = 0x7f040692
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/enterAlways = 0x7f0a0119
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/end_padder = 0x7f0a0118
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/design_bottom_sheet = 0x7f0a00e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_fragment_message_list = 0x7f0d009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/editedLabel = 0x7f0a010c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/PopupWindow = 0x7f130084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/edge = 0x7f0a0106
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dragDown = 0x7f0a00fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUserReactionsTitleTextStyle = 0x7f04079c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060304
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_shape_scroll_button_badge = 0x7f080171
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/CardView.Light = 0x7f120122
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeDate = 0x7f040698
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/easeInOut = 0x7f0a0103
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/easeIn = 0x7f0a0102
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerSendMessageButtonIconDrawable = 0x7f040607
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/disableIntraAutoTransition = 0x7f0a00f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_13sdp = 0x7f07002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/disableHome = 0x7f0a00f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_ephemeral_message = 0x7f110114
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav = 0x7f0702f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dialog_button = 0x7f0a00ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:font/font_medium = 0x7f090004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCooldownTimerTextColor = 0x7f0405c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_duration = 0x7f0b0039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderSearchingForNetworkLabelFontAssets = 0x7f040625
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.EditText = 0x7f1200c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_scroll_button_size = 0x7f0706a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/design_navigation_view = 0x7f0a00eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f060274
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_pinned_messages_empty = 0x7f08014e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0130
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_hand_center_dot_radius = 0x7f07051f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_autoHide = 0x7f040067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/design_menu_item_text = 0x7f0a00ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_input_permission_notifications_message = 0x7f110100
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemCheckboxDeselectedDrawable = 0x7f040559
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.TitleMedium = 0x7f12024e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight = 0x7f120288
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/default_activity_button = 0x7f0a00dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_ppt = 0x7f08012f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberInfoTextStyle = 0x7f040474
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant4 = 0x7f0600c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_bottom_padding = 0x7f07056c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_67sdp = 0x7f070272
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_you = 0x7f1100dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/defaultLoadingView = 0x7f0a00dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabCradleRoundedCornerRadius = 0x7f0401cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f110043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_bg = 0x7f0800df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_opacity = 0x7f07044f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/decelerateAndComplete = 0x7f0a00d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Subtitle2 = 0x7f12025e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_search_results_error = 0x7f11014c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f120390
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dateTextView = 0x7f0a00d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_tabs_background = 0x7f0800aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cut = 0x7f0a00d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_snackbar_margin = 0x7f0704e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_icon_search_width = 0x7f0706ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_icon_size = 0x7f070420
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container = 0x7f06019c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120274
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f12045a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/customPanel = 0x7f0a00d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_chip_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0703ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/coordinator = 0x7f0a00ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showDividers = 0x7f0403c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textBackgroundPanY = 0x7f040801
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/continuousVelocity = 0x7f0a00c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandNameTextFontAssets = 0x7f0405b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_end_date_description = 0x7f110077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/contentContainer = 0x7f0a00c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/content = 0x7f0a00c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/save_overlay_view = 0x7f0a0285
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandDescriptionTextFont = 0x7f0405ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_65ssp = 0x7f07026f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/connectingTextView = 0x7f0a00bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/by_first_reaction_at = 0x7f0a0086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/commandQueryTextView = 0x7f0a00b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconPaddingTop = 0x7f040522
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subheaderColor = 0x7f0407a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackDecorationTint = 0x7f040859
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Tertiary = 0x7f1203dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_461sdp = 0x7f0701b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0e0172
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0100
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_dialog_moderated_message = 0x7f0d0094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f120282
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V7.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1200c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_header_title_and_selection = 0x7f0a01fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_circle_white = 0x7f080100
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0705b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_88ssp = 0x7f0702a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/coil_request_manager = 0x7f0a00b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_178sdp = 0x7f07005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/btn_radio_off_mtrl = 0x7f080082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/clip_vertical = 0x7f0a00b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_dummy_toolbar = 0x7f0a0228
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_458sdp = 0x7f0701b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageList.MediaAttachment = 0x7f1201c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/checkbox = 0x7f0a00a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error = 0x7f060162
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextSizeMine = 0x7f0405fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f080020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize.Bridge = 0x7f1202c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070419
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelNameLabel = 0x7f0a00a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_command = 0x7f080114
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelListHeaderView = 0x7f0a00a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelItemView = 0x7f0a009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_status_bar_spacer = 0x7f0a022e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderBackButtonBadgeBackgroundColor = 0x7f040617
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelActionsContainer = 0x7f0a009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MediaAttachmentGridView = 0x7f1201b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_divider_heavy_thickness = 0x7f0704a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_153sdp = 0x7f070040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/chains = 0x7f0a009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_ref_typeface_brand_medium = 0x7f110038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/chain2 = 0x7f0a009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/center_vertical = 0x7f0a0099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/centerInside = 0x7f0a0096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f12049d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/carryVelocity = 0x7f0a0091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/queryHint = 0x7f04038c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cardView = 0x7f0a0090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus48sdp = 0x7f0702e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.Thread.Avatar = 0x7f1201cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cancel_action = 0x7f0a008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f120407
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/txtHeader = 0x7f0a0354
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Surface = 0x7f1203e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu = 0x7f120495
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageComposerView = 0x7f1201bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/by_user_inverted = 0x7f0a008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scrollView = 0x7f0a028e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerWaveBarHeight = 0x7f04044e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/verticalDivider1 = 0x7f0a0339
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_side_sheet_standard_elevation = 0x7f0704df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_dialog_attachment_tab = 0x7f0d0091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/by_sum_score = 0x7f0a0088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog.Left = 0x7f120008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bounce = 0x7f0a007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_error_hide_channel = 0x7f1100d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_284sdp = 0x7f0700df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Switch.Track.Shape = 0x7f12016a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:plurals/stream_ui_message_list_header_member_count = 0x7f100002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bottomLine = 0x7f0a007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter = 0x7f1203c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_container_elevation = 0x7f070400
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundStacked = 0x7f04004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bottomLeft = 0x7f0a007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f12004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mentionNameTextView = 0x7f0a01c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0704d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_color = 0x7f0e00a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bottomBar = 0x7f0a007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/blocking = 0x7f0a0076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/TypingIndicatorView = 0x7f1300ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_dialog_file_type_width = 0x7f07061f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog.Alert.Framework = 0x7f1202f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/beginning = 0x7f0a0074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/gapView = 0x7f0a0144
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/accent_material_dark = 0x7f060019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Snackbar.Message = 0x7f120229
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_86sdp = 0x7f07029c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/barrier = 0x7f0a0071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/backButtonBadge = 0x7f0a006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/backButton = 0x7f0a006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/autoCompleteToEnd = 0x7f0a006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040252
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/audioImageView = 0x7f0a0064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_btn_colored_text_material = 0x7f060003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/audioFileIconContainer = 0x7f0a0063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_width = 0x7f070526
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dragLeft = 0x7f0a00fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/audioFileIcon = 0x7f0a0062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyStrokeWidthMine = 0x7f0405f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlaceHolderIcon = 0x7f04052d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week_height = 0x7f070574
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentDateTextView = 0x7f0a005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_height = 0x7f0705a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_text_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060209
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentButtonsContainer = 0x7f0a005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/decelerate = 0x7f0a00d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120334
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ConstraintLayout_ReactiveGuide = 0x7f130031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/arc = 0x7f0a0055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0800bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MediaActivity.ProgressBar = 0x7f1201b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiBottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f1201d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/additionalInfo = 0x7f0a004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_channel_list_empty_state_view = 0x7f0d0088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_divider = 0x7f0a0227
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ImageButton = 0x7f120358
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0705b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_470sdp = 0x7f0701c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f1200b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_41sdp = 0x7f070185
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/add = 0x7f0a0049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_item_message = 0x7f07064e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_menu_divider = 0x7f0a0040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/circle_center = 0x7f0a00ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_image = 0x7f0a003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiBaseAvatarStyle = 0x7f1201d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_divider = 0x7f0a003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_context_bar = 0x7f0a003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_item_loading_height = 0x7f070653
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemIconDrawableTintColor = 0x7f0405cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_chip_text_color = 0x7f06007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Small = 0x7f120179
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_bar_root = 0x7f0a0038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontMessageDeleted = 0x7f04068e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f060224
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e00da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/actionUp = 0x7f0a0034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/actionDown = 0x7f0a0032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerViewStyle = 0x7f04044b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium1 = 0x7f0b0017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_9 = 0x7f0a002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEditMessageEnabled = 0x7f0404a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MessageListHeaderView = 0x7f130072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_to_unchecked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f08007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/gone = 0x7f0a0150
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_7 = 0x7f0a002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/navigation_bar_item_icon_view = 0x7f0a0206
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReactionsBubbleColorTheirs = 0x7f04064d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_30 = 0x7f0a0028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_3 = 0x7f0a0027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_26 = 0x7f0a0023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textinput_helper_text = 0x7f0a02f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_24 = 0x7f0a0021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_size = 0x7f0703ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_scrim_container_opacity = 0x7f070465
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_23 = 0x7f0a0020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_185sdp = 0x7f070066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/dp_example = 0x7f0d0030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_21 = 0x7f0a001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_check_double = 0x7f08010e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_opacity = 0x7f07047d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/permissionx_ic_alert = 0x7f0800ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_18 = 0x7f0a001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ThemeEnforcement = 0x7f1300a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_16 = 0x7f0a0018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentTitleTextColor = 0x7f040793
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_result_item_margin_start = 0x7f0706b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_77ssp = 0x7f070289
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_display_1_material = 0x7f07033b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_list_header_view = 0x7f0d00ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070455
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/SHOW_PATH = 0x7f0a0009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/button_material_dark = 0x7f06002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_other_notifications_channel_id = 0x7f1100ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f120454
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/SHOW_ALL = 0x7f0a0008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e0089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/FUNCTION = 0x7f0a0004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/BOTTOM_START = 0x7f0a0002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height_fullscreen = 0x7f07057a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070471
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemMentionTextColor = 0x7f0405d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:font/stream_roboto_bold = 0x7f090000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fabOffsetEndMode = 0x7f07054b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_white_shape_8dp_corners = 0x7f080178
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_35ssp = 0x7f07013c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextFontAssetsTheirs = 0x7f04065b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_shape_edit_text_round = 0x7f080170
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_shape_badge_background = 0x7f08016e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_placeholder = 0x7f08016a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_navigation_menu_item = 0x7f0d002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/path_password_eye_mask_visible = 0x7f11009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_clock_period_toggle = 0x7f0d003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_message_composer_audio_record_hold_background = 0x7f080166
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_unpin = 0x7f080160
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/material_motion_path = 0x7f0b002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_color = 0x7f0e0005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/deltaRelative = 0x7f0a00e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultAvatarStyle = 0x7f040730
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_single_user = 0x7f08015b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_290sdp = 0x7f0700e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e00e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_moderation_dialog_description = 0x7f110140
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_icon_picture_placeholder = 0x7f080164
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_search = 0x7f080155
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_reaction_wut = 0x7f080154
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_attachment_more_count = 0x7f110105
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomSheet = 0x7f120190
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_inset = 0x7f07055a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_media_attachment_grid_view = 0x7f0d00be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsWarningItemTextStyle = 0x7f040480
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textInputFilledExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f040809
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_reaction_thumbs_down = 0x7f080152
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_reaction_love = 0x7f080151
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_pin = 0x7f08014d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_firstHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Title.Inverse = 0x7f120037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_pen = 0x7f08014c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageBackgroundColorMine = 0x7f04053c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceLabelLarge = 0x7f0407ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0704ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_reaction_thumbs_up = 0x7f080153
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_end_icon_margin_start = 0x7f0705fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingStartSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040365
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_pause = 0x7f08014b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_mute_black = 0x7f080149
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/tooltip_frame_light = 0x7f08017c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0121
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_icon_eye_off = 0x7f08013f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_494sdp = 0x7f0701df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f0704c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f0602de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_delete_confirmation_message = 0x7f1100cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_attachment_height = 0x7f070675
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f0600d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body2 = 0x7f120019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_filled_up_arrow = 0x7f08013a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tvError = 0x7f0a0321
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_filled_right_arrow = 0x7f080139
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_pdf = 0x7f08012e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus58sdp = 0x7f0702f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_alert_dialog_material = 0x7f0d0009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_on_apply_window_listener = 0x7f0a02e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTimeTextSize = 0x7f0406ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_xls = 0x7f080136
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f070405
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/selectionRequired = 0x7f0403ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/logoAdjustViewBounds = 0x7f0402cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_259sdp = 0x7f0700c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_blue_grey_900 = 0x7f06021b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_pptx = 0x7f080130
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120281
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_mp4 = 0x7f08012c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_cornerSize = 0x7f0705ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Fragment = 0x7f130044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/showTitle = 0x7f0a02b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_md = 0x7f080129
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_manager_selector = 0x7f080128
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/custom = 0x7f0a00d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.MaterialComponents = 0x7f12017f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_unhandled_key_listeners = 0x7f0a02e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_on_surface_ripple_color = 0x7f0602e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_html = 0x7f080125
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_csv = 0x7f080122
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.DatePicker.Modal.Date.Container.Shape = 0x7f12015d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialShape = 0x7f130064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_aac = 0x7f080120
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary_container = 0x7f06028b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file = 0x7f08011e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/tooltip_precise_anchor_threshold = 0x7f0706dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/centerContent = 0x7f0a0094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_edit = 0x7f08011d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon = 0x7f120316
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline = 0x7f060172
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/error_icon_content_description = 0x7f110030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_download = 0x7f08011c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_check_single = 0x7f08010f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_part_time = 0x7f0d0074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_check_circle = 0x7f08010d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f0600f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_trailing_content_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07068d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_margin = 0x7f070360
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionText = 0x7f120389
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemShapeInsetBottom = 0x7f040254
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_container_color = 0x7f0e00e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.PopupMenu.ContextMenu = 0x7f120496
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f1203e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileNameTextView = 0x7f0a0122
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_lastHorizontalStyle = 0x7f0401f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl_animation_interpolator_0 = 0x7f0c0000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/offlineTitleContainer = 0x7f0a021d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderDivider = 0x7f120480
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1203ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_attach = 0x7f08010a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_icon_button_toggle_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:font/stream_roboto_medium = 0x7f090001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f0602dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_arrow_curve_left_grey = 0x7f080109
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.Small = 0x7f1203ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/fab_transformation_scrim_behavior = 0x7f110032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_divider = 0x7f080105
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_5ssp = 0x7f070262
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/actions = 0x7f0a0046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070408
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_default_message_shape = 0x7f080104
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconBackgroundColor = 0x7f040530
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_circle_grey = 0x7f0800ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/threadSeparatorLabel = 0x7f0a02fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_borders_16dp_corners = 0x7f0800fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/CardView.Dark = 0x7f120121
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bottom = 0x7f0a0079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_badge_bg = 0x7f0800fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_222sdp = 0x7f070095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/side_sheet_behavior = 0x7f1100ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_attachment_permission_media = 0x7f0800f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f1202a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Layout = 0x7f130053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/META = 0x7f0a0005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thickness = 0x7f04081b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppCompatImageView = 0x7f13000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_up = 0x7f0800c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/touchAnchorSide = 0x7f040851
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_attachment_link_label_background = 0x7f0800f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070509
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_xlsx = 0x7f080137
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_attachment_error_background = 0x7f0800f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_text_color_selector = 0x7f0800f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/permissionx_ic_notification = 0x7f0800ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.AppBarLayout = 0x7f12038a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsButtonRippleColor = 0x7f040548
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070491
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_463sdp = 0x7f0701ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontProviderSystemFontFamily = 0x7f040203
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_icon_background = 0x7f0800e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070495
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderSeparatorBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f04062a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleThreadCounter = 0x7f0406b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/design_ic_visibility_off = 0x7f080088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_non_touch = 0x7f0706df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary80 = 0x7f0600eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_bg_low_pressed = 0x7f0800e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_view_info = 0x7f1100db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005 = 0x7f080064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_tabs_default_indicator = 0x7f0800dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_background = 0x7f0800cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_hint_normal = 0x7f1100ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_pinned_message_list_view = 0x7f0d00d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_thread_reply = 0x7f110138
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_radio_material = 0x7f080036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_color = 0x7f0e0104
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_checkbox_unchecked = 0x7f0800ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f120335
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_213sdp = 0x7f07008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/split_action_bar = 0x7f0a02c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/suggestionsRecyclerView = 0x7f0a02da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_dialog_material_background = 0x7f080040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_close = 0x7f080112
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/imageButtonStyle = 0x7f040230
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_command_template = 0x7f1100e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_cancel = 0x7f0800c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/ripple_material_light = 0x7f060306
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_fab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_elevated_elevation = 0x7f0703e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_delete_confirmation_title = 0x7f11010e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f07045d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material = 0x7f060002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Button.Navigation = 0x7f120387
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked = 0x7f0800ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f120304
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_action_bar_up_description = 0x7f110001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_bottomsheet_drag_handle = 0x7f0800b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/alertTitle = 0x7f0a004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnSurface = 0x7f04010a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerDurationTextFontAssets = 0x7f040420
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/logoDescription = 0x7f0402cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorUserName = 0x7f040676
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingButtonEnabled = 0x7f040589
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_previous_black_24dp = 0x7f0800b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f1204b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiWarningMessageOptionsTextStyle = 0x7f0407a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_radiobutton_ripple = 0x7f0800a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/indeterminate_static = 0x7f0800a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleMedium = 0x7f120239
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsMine = 0x7f040682
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_black = 0x7f08009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_attachment_gallery_video = 0x7f0d00a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageListHeaderView = 0x7f0a01d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_220sdp = 0x7f070093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary = 0x7f0602a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_indicator_full_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0705d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f080096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_239sdp = 0x7f0700a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_keyboard_black_24dp = 0x7f080095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_78ssp = 0x7f07028b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_clock_black_24dp = 0x7f080094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_call_decline_low = 0x7f080092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_short3 = 0x7f0b001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupWindow = 0x7f1200ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_call_answer_video_low = 0x7f080090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_max_width = 0x7f07037b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_longpressed_holo = 0x7f080054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_call_answer_video = 0x7f08008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_floating_lock_width = 0x7f070680
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeWithTextRadius = 0x7f04005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f0703f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/collapseActionView = 0x7f0a00b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_highlighted_text = 0x7f060093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_arrow_back_black_24 = 0x7f08008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/image = 0x7f0a016f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_icon_opacity = 0x7f07048b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface_inverse = 0x7f06028f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.DarkActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f120098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f13003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/design_ic_visibility = 0x7f080087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/btn_radio_off_to_on_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1204ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070416
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/foreground_material_dark = 0x7f060062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_mtrl = 0x7f080080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/navigation_header_container = 0x7f0a020a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/reactionIcon = 0x7f0a0260
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/btn_checkbox_checked_mtrl = 0x7f08007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_header_content = 0x7f0d00cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_side_padding = 0x7f0705e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.BaseAvatar = 0x7f1201a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_progress_bar_height = 0x7f070634
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_star_black_48dp = 0x7f08006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f120351
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f06018e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/end = 0x7f0a0116
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_spinner_textfield_background_material = 0x7f08006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_audio_record_player_preview = 0x7f0d0087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_bright = 0x7f0601eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigation.Badge = 0x7f1203a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageList.Header.Avatar = 0x7f1201bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/select_dialog_listview = 0x7f0a02a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f07050f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/simpleItemLayout = 0x7f0403ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/webView = 0x7f0a034a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_seekbar_track_material = 0x7f080069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_header_untitled_channel = 0x7f110130
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/alsoSendToChannelCheckBox = 0x7f0a004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textSpacerNoTitle = 0x7f0a02ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060193
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackStopIndicatorSize = 0x7f04085d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ratingbar_small_material = 0x7f080061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingHoldToRecordText = 0x7f04059b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult = 0x7f08005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SearchBar.Outlined = 0x7f12041e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f060230
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/exitUntilCollapsed = 0x7f0a011c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_header_content_height = 0x7f070679
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_delete_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:xml/data_extraction_rules = 0x7f140001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult = 0x7f08005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MenuItem = 0x7f13006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_487sdp = 0x7f0701d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light = 0x7f08005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconElevation = 0x7f040532
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerRecentFilesTextSize = 0x7f04057c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_back_arrow = 0x7f08008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f0600bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessagesStart = 0x7f0406bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessButtonTextFontAssets = 0x7f04054c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/closest = 0x7f0a00b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Toolbar.Surface = 0x7f120315
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040330
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_color = 0x7f0e0108
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:plurals/mtrl_badge_content_description = 0x7f100000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus14sdp = 0x7f0702c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0145
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/permissionIcon = 0x7f0a0243
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_451sdp = 0x7f0701ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_divider_material = 0x7f080051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_delete_message = 0x7f110117
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_bottom = 0x7f07057d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_359sdp = 0x7f07013a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070453
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_popup_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemNameTextSize = 0x7f04055f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoIconVisible = 0x7f040581
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_dark = 0x7f08004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_search_api_material = 0x7f08004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.Title = 0x7f1201a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f08004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0e00b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.TextButton = 0x7f1202e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingSlideToCancelTextSize = 0x7f0405a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadLabelButtonRippleColor = 0x7f04077d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_text_hint_foreground_inverse = 0x7f0602aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_text_color_hint = 0x7f060335
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Badge = 0x7f130019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subtitleTextColor = 0x7f0407ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textinput_counter = 0x7f0a02f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_color = 0x7f0e002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_control_background_material = 0x7f08003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_bottom_margin = 0x7f0705ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout = 0x7f13008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/defaultEmptyStateView = 0x7f0a00db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialTextView = 0x7f130067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_cab_background_internal_bg = 0x7f08003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon = 0x7f0800bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_cascading_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentTitleTextSize = 0x7f040795
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_permission_audio_record_title = 0x7f1100f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/material_motion_duration_long_1 = 0x7f0b0026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape = 0x7f080035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/loadImage = 0x7f0a019d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_94sdp = 0x7f0702ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ChannelListScreen.ChannelListHeader = 0x7f1201b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f06015b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_colored_material = 0x7f080034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/tooltip_y_offset_touch = 0x7f0706e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSearchInfoBarTextSize = 0x7f040747
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemNameTextColor = 0x7f04055c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000 = 0x7f080032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/video = 0x7f0a033d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_switch_track_path = 0x7f110098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_borderless_material = 0x7f08002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_73sdp = 0x7f070280
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f120136
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$stream_ui_ic_file_video_generic__0 = 0x7f08002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_confirm_button_min_width = 0x7f070569
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Caption = 0x7f120254
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Snackbar = 0x7f130096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e00dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060303
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/replyContainer = 0x7f0a0274
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f1201f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontLinkLabel = 0x7f04068c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked__0 = 0x7f080014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_widget_height = 0x7f0705e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkMarkCompat = 0x7f0400af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Surface = 0x7f1203e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_526sdp = 0x7f070207
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/timeView = 0x7f0a0305
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_editor_absoluteY = 0x7f0402a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_play = 0x7f08014f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ic_notification = 0x7f0800f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fixedHeight = 0x7f0a0135
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small = 0x7f12010b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/rectangles = 0x7f0a026f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f080013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_harmonized_color_on_error = 0x7f060273
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f1202d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_label = 0x7f0a01b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_playback_button_elevation = 0x7f07062e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/navigation_bar_item_small_label_view = 0x7f0a0209
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f070477
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_viewport_size = 0x7f0b003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070492
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_control_normal = 0x7f060284
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f1202a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Body1 = 0x7f120251
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked__0 = 0x7f080015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderShowUserAvatar = 0x7f04062e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__2 = 0x7f080009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f080005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_highlighted_text = 0x7f06008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineSmall = 0x7f120245
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/tooltip_margin = 0x7f0706db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/tooltip_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0706da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackDecoration = 0x7f040858
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0703d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_bar = 0x7f0a0035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/subtitle_corner_radius = 0x7f0706d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_go_search_api_material = 0x7f080046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_119sdp = 0x7f070016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextFontAssetsTheirs = 0x7f0405fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_total_height = 0x7f0706d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/contentRoot = 0x7f0a00c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_large_tail_bubble_cy = 0x7f0706cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0706cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f0600f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadMessageCounterTextColor = 0x7f040784
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/call_notification_hang_up_action = 0x7f110027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_bubble_height = 0x7f0706c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageOptionsContainer = 0x7f0a01d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dividerInsetEnd = 0x7f04017f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_text_small = 0x7f0706c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_unsupported_attachment_view = 0x7f0d00de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_spacing_tiny = 0x7f0706c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_attachment_upload_complete = 0x7f110106
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_spacing_small = 0x7f0706c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionMode = 0x7f120347
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_small_tail_bubble_offset = 0x7f0706be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120299
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_bubble_radius = 0x7f0706b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/clockHandColor = 0x7f0400dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_bubble_height = 0x7f0706b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_result_item_vertical_spacer_height = 0x7f0706b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_size = 0x7f0703b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_result_item_loading_height = 0x7f0706ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/match_parent = 0x7f0a01a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_text_margin_start = 0x7f0706ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large = 0x7f120022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentsNoFilesText = 0x7f040566
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/spanCount = 0x7f0403d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_icon_margin = 0x7f0705c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconTint = 0x7f040538
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_icon_search_height = 0x7f0706a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_background_outline_width = 0x7f0706a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f12016d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_scroll_button_unread_badge_text_size = 0x7f0706a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_scroll_button_unread_badge_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0706a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_read_state_text_size = 0x7f07069f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customStringValue = 0x7f04016b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListAudioRecordPlayerViewStyleOwn = 0x7f040612
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_elevation = 0x7f07059b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/yearSelectedStyle = 0x7f04088a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxCollapsedPaddingTop = 0x7f040080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scrollIndicatorUp = 0x7f0a028c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AttachmentOptionsView = 0x7f130016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_options_menu_corner_radius = 0x7f07069c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadMessageCounterTextSize = 0x7f040786
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0129
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_reaction_lol = 0x7f080150
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0703d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0b0035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0e0140
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_48sdp = 0x7f0701d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResulListItemVerticalSpacerPosition = 0x7f04072f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_scrubber_width_default = 0x7f070636
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageOptionsView = 0x7f0a01d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialDivider = 0x7f130062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiShowInChatIcon = 0x7f040757
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_mention_list_view = 0x7f0d00c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/beginOnFirstDraw = 0x7f0a0073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary = 0x7f0601a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f0600e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cooldownBadgeTextView = 0x7f0a00c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f1201ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_text_padding_end = 0x7f070695
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReplyOptionIcon = 0x7f0406ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReplyAvatarStyle = 0x7f0406fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_text_padding_bottom = 0x7f070694
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_image_attachment_more_count_text_size = 0x7f070691
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines = 0x7f07037f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_internal_children_alpha_tag = 0x7f0a01f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_footnote_spacing = 0x7f070690
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_trailing_content_button_send_message_height = 0x7f07068a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_small_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f0704e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070685
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/cardview_light_background = 0x7f060033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_icon_download = 0x7f08013e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_floating_mic_width = 0x7f070684
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transition_transform = 0x7f0a031e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_floating_locked_width = 0x7f070682
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundSplit = 0x7f04004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_floating_lock_height = 0x7f07067f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f1203ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner = 0x7f1200f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.V25.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120147
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar.Primary = 0x7f120320
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_button_min_height_material = 0x7f070305
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_state_description_unchecked = 0x7f110068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_color = 0x7f0e0092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked = 0x7f0800d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_leading_content_vertical_padding = 0x7f07067c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f08009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentTitleTextColor = 0x7f0404c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_leading_content_horizontal_padding = 0x7f07067b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_361sdp = 0x7f07013e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f120139
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_136sdp = 0x7f07002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/view_tree_lifecycle_owner = 0x7f0a0344
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerSendMessageButtonIconTintList = 0x7f040608
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_center_content_height = 0x7f070677
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_channel_list_loading_more_view = 0x7f0d008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f120065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerCameraAttachmentsTabIconDrawable = 0x7f040558
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionMenuTextAppearance = 0x7f040010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_large_tail_bubble_radius = 0x7f070669
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_bubble_radius = 0x7f070663
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ActionMode = 0x7f130004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/north = 0x7f0a0214
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_command_button_size = 0x7f07065e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f120324
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070665
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_search_margin_top = 0x7f07065d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_item_message_date = 0x7f07064f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/grantPermissionsInclude = 0x7f0a0153
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog = 0x7f12005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/thumbImageView = 0x7f0a0302
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEffect_end = 0x7f040339
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_search_margin_end = 0x7f07065b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.TabLayout.Secondary = 0x7f120111
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/by_user = 0x7f0a0089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_width = 0x7f070592
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_item_margin_start = 0x7f070655
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SearchResultListView = 0x7f13008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f060180
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_actions_member_height = 0x7f07064d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_text_size_tiny = 0x7f07064a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerSendMessageButtonEnabled = 0x7f040605
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_text_size_small = 0x7f070649
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ForegroundLinearLayout = 0x7f130043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_expanded_menu_layout = 0x7f0d000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_352sdp = 0x7f070133
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_347sdp = 0x7f07012c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_text_size_large = 0x7f070647
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/escape = 0x7f0a011b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e00bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_border_width = 0x7f07063e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/character_counter_overflowed_content_description = 0x7f11002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_speed_button_width = 0x7f07063a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e012c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_scrubber_width_pressed = 0x7f070637
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_progress_bar_width = 0x7f070635
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiRetryOptionIcon = 0x7f040701
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton = 0x7f120459
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_playback_progress_container_width = 0x7f070633
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_playback_progress_container_height = 0x7f070632
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.SearchResultListView = 0x7f1201c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f06012a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_playback_button_width = 0x7f070631
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_playback_button_padding = 0x7f070630
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fastScrollHorizontalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_hint_cannot_send_message = 0x7f1100ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0e00b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_height = 0x7f070584
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_playback_button_height = 0x7f07062f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f06022d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_timepicker_textinput_display = 0x7f0d0045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f1204a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelAvatarView = 0x7f0a009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_duration_text_view_width = 0x7f070627
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_53sdp = 0x7f070217
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_duration_text_view_height = 0x7f070625
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_month_abbr = 0x7f11008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_size = 0x7f0705c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingSlideToCancelStartDrawable = 0x7f0405a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSuggestionListViewStyle = 0x7f040765
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_carousel_small_item_size_max = 0x7f0703e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_image_menu_height = 0x7f070623
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_bar_text_view = 0x7f0a0223
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dividerThickness = 0x7f040182
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_dialog_button_size = 0x7f07061c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary = 0x7f060291
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f08004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f120211
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Design.Light = 0x7f12027c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_dialog_button_section_height = 0x7f07061b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_unmute_user = 0x7f11011c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/autoComplete = 0x7f0a006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_button_width = 0x7f07061a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_right_side_padding_top = 0x7f07060d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/selectableItemBackgroundBorderless = 0x7f0403ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_media_narrow_margin = 0x7f07060b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_size_small = 0x7f070644
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_484sdp = 0x7f0701d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_big_circle_margin = 0x7f070606
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f12038b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year = 0x7f12048a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f120368
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Design.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f12027e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.ElevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f1203a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_message_media_attachment = 0x7f0d00b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textColorAlertDialogListItem = 0x7f040804
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReadCount = 0x7f0406fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_281sdp = 0x7f0700dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_action_text_size = 0x7f070605
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_transition_shared_axis_slide_distance = 0x7f070603
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSenderNameTextFont = 0x7f040750
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/progressBarPadding = 0x7f040386
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minHeight = 0x7f070600
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large = 0x7f12010a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/edit_query = 0x7f0a0109
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_default_color_selector = 0x7f060325
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_counter_margin_start = 0x7f0705f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbWidth = 0x7f04082a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_focused = 0x7f0705f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_margin = 0x7f0705c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/txt_primary_color = 0x7f060348
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_alert_dialog_title_material = 0x7f0d000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f120160
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_stroke_width_default = 0x7f0705f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_font_1_3_box_collapsed_padding_top = 0x7f070533
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_button_container_elevation = 0x7f07041a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f0602df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_alert_select_dialog_item = 0x7f0d0049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/transitionDisable = 0x7f040862
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_choice_chip_background_color = 0x7f0602ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_label_cutout_padding = 0x7f0705f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_badge = 0x7f0a0296
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_240sdp = 0x7f0700ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_timepicker_view = 0x7f0a01bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeSize = 0x7f0400ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingSlideToCancelTextFontAssets = 0x7f0405a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_text_padding = 0x7f07057c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerMedium = 0x7f0403b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_61sdp = 0x7f070266
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_day = 0x7f0d004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dropdown_menu = 0x7f0a0100
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_weekdays_label_text_type = 0x7f0e001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView.Badge = 0x7f120415
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/pinnedMessageListRecyclerView = 0x7f0a024b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/circle = 0x7f0a00ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/onPositiveCross = 0x7f040359
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_tabs_rounded_line_indicator = 0x7f0800ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_untitled_channel_plus_more = 0x7f1100da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_330sdp = 0x7f070119
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark = 0x7f080057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_size = 0x7f0705f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f12024a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_prepend_shortcut_label = 0x7f110011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/center = 0x7f0a0092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiTypingIndicatorUsersTextSize = 0x7f040776
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_size = 0x7f0705f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.DialogWindowTitle.AppCompat = 0x7f120012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationBar.ActiveIndicator.Shape = 0x7f12015f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120470
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding_fullscreen = 0x7f070577
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f06027c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_switch_text_padding = 0x7f0705ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_activitychooserview_choose_application = 0x7f110005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_mtrl_chip_close_circle = 0x7f0800a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f120233
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_margin = 0x7f0705eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f0705e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_99ssp = 0x7f0702b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomAppBar = 0x7f12039e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_track_height = 0x7f0705e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_tick_radius = 0x7f0705e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0137
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_text_medium = 0x7f0706c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_tick_min_spacing = 0x7f0705e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_large_tail_bubble_offset = 0x7f0706bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/editedInfo = 0x7f0a010b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberNamesTextFont = 0x7f040476
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_large_component = 0x7f0705da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_track_thickness = 0x7f0705d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Compat.NotificationActionContainer = 0x7f120388
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_small = 0x7f0705d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_radius = 0x7f0705d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e013a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_inset = 0x7f0703cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/showHome = 0x7f0a02b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ratingbar_material = 0x7f080060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Design.TabLayout = 0x7f1200fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_small = 0x7f0705cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0d004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickMarkTint = 0x7f04082f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userAvatarCardView = 0x7f0a032f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_medium = 0x7f0705ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset = 0x7f0705cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_text_size = 0x7f0705cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f120210
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu = 0x7f1200eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_active_text_size = 0x7f0705c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_m3_chip_check = 0x7f08009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/NavigationBarActiveIndicator = 0x7f13007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_elevation = 0x7f0705bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_text_field_disabled_active_indicator_opacity = 0x7f070422
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_slider_disabled_handle_color = 0x7f0e010d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabView = 0x7f120343
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/toolbar = 0x7f0a030c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorControlActivated = 0x7f0400f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_padding_end = 0x7f07062b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiActionBackgroundTint = 0x7f0403f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialSwitch = 0x7f130065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f12001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_card_checked_layer_id = 0x7f0a01f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_outer_merged_animation = 0x7f01000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorPrimary = 0x7f040113
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_margin = 0x7f0705bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f070363
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_flag_message = 0x7f110122
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_min_touch_target_size = 0x7f0705ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_type_hint = 0x7f1100b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_track = 0x7f0800da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material = 0x7f070304
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance = 0x7f1201da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f120213
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_clock_toggle_content_description = 0x7f110048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/thumbnailImageView = 0x7f0a0303
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconDrawableTint = 0x7f0405ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0705b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerDurationTextViewMarginStart = 0x7f040424
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_padding_top = 0x7f0703d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0705b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelSmall = 0x7f120237
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_high_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0705b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationMedium3 = 0x7f040326
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_viewholder_avatar_missing_margin = 0x7f07069b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.Snackbar = 0x7f120391
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/navigation_bar_item_active_indicator_view = 0x7f0a0204
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackHeight = 0x7f04085b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f12006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0705b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ChipGroup = 0x7f1203c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_checked = 0x7f11005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.NoActionBar = 0x7f120279
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_text_spacing = 0x7f0705a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/app_bar_elevation_anim_duration = 0x7f0b0002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_channel_name = 0x7f1100b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/animateToStart = 0x7f0a0052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_icon_size = 0x7f0705a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding_icon = 0x7f0705a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_elevation = 0x7f0705a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceTitleLarge = 0x7f0407fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0705a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/grouping = 0x7f0a0158
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_offset = 0x7f07059c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/call_notification_incoming_text = 0x7f110028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/permissionx_request_install_packages = 0x7f1100a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeStyle = 0x7f04001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/accent_material_light = 0x7f06001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_chip_text_size = 0x7f07059a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaRecyclerView = 0x7f0a01c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_8sdp = 0x7f0702a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_card_icon_size = 0x7f070403
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f0703c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_195sdp = 0x7f070072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_next_black_24dp = 0x7f0800b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_chip_pressed_translation_z = 0x7f070599
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTimeTextFontAssets = 0x7f04073f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintTag = 0x7f040296
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_size = 0x7f070594
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/dim_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_10 = 0x7f0a0012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0705b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsMessageDeleted = 0x7f04067f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior = 0x7f11001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dismissContainer = 0x7f0a00f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_label_text_opacity = 0x7f07044e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewBackgroundOutlineWidth = 0x7f040717
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/horizontalOffset = 0x7f040222
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/searchHintIcon = 0x7f0403a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_card_checked_icon_margin = 0x7f070593
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentActivityImageStyle = 0x7f0403f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/searchViewStyle = 0x7f0403aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070590
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_height = 0x7f07058f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.HeadlineBold = 0x7f1201e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_hover_handle_color = 0x7f0e0135
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileTitle = 0x7f0a0126
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_2 = 0x7f0a001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiThreadReplyOptionIcon = 0x7f040770
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f07058d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_goneMarginRight = 0x7f0402a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_hover_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_text_input_padding_top = 0x7f07058b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_x1 = 0x7f0704fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom_fullscreen = 0x7f070589
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_permission_camera_message = 0x7f1100f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f12001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f1200fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessButtonTextStyle = 0x7f04054e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyCancelButtonTextStyle = 0x7f0404d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_bottom_padding = 0x7f070583
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEmptyStateDrawable = 0x7f0404ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_width = 0x7f07047b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/unchecked = 0x7f0a0325
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_divider_thickness = 0x7f070578
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_dialog_background_inset = 0x7f070575
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Button = 0x7f1200ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dateContainer = 0x7f0a00d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.FullWidth = 0x7f12042b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_content_padding = 0x7f070576
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_vertical_padding = 0x7f070572
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_204sdp = 0x7f07007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_vertical_padding = 0x7f0706d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070570
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f120353
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_item_active_indicator_label_padding = 0x7f0704b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_height = 0x7f07056f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode = 0x7f0d0016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f020014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_corner = 0x7f07056e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/searchResultListView = 0x7f0a0295
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/TOP_END = 0x7f0a000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_z = 0x7f070568
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_183sdp = 0x7f070064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_meta_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/m3_side_sheet_dialog = 0x7f0d0037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f120352
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_size = 0x7f070567
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_action_background = 0x7f0800de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f1201f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_attach_button = 0x7f060310
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f070563
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_pressed_z = 0x7f070561
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0602a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/edit_text_id = 0x7f0a010a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_top = 0x7f070560
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationDuration = 0x7f0407be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_206sdp = 0x7f070081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_right = 0x7f07055f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_large_tail_bubble_cy_offset = 0x7f070667
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1202c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_bottom = 0x7f07055d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_textinput_min_width = 0x7f07053b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_hovered_z = 0x7f070557
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_top = 0x7f070541
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_z = 0x7f070554
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_attachment_invalid_mime_type = 0x7f110102
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_disabled_elevation = 0x7f070553
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/design_menu_item_action_area_stub = 0x7f0a00e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/labelTextView = 0x7f0a018b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070461
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_unchecked = 0x7f0800d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f070552
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120283
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1202cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f070550
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/NavigationView = 0x7f130080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f07054f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_bottom_margin = 0x7f07054c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f070546
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CustomAttribute = 0x7f130037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f120416
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_search_results_empty = 0x7f11014b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_horizontal_edge_offset = 0x7f070543
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/replyAvatarView = 0x7f0a0273
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/subtitle_outline_width = 0x7f0706d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_start = 0x7f070540
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dragClockwise = 0x7f0a00f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialButton = 0x7f13005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_pinned_message_list_empty_description = 0x7f110145
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_slider_inactive_track_color = 0x7f0602b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ignoreRequest = 0x7f0a016e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f060246
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_overlay = 0x7f060332
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f070537
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_voice_search_api_material = 0x7f08004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_cursor_inset = 0x7f070528
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_height = 0x7f070523
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_top = 0x7f07051e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_123sdp = 0x7f07001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_display_width = 0x7f07051c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DynamicColors.DayNight = 0x7f1202f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/txt_chat_color_others = 0x7f060346
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyLabelTextFont = 0x7f0404d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_display_padding = 0x7f07051b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120393
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_dim = 0x7f0601a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemNameTextStyle = 0x7f040560
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_halfExpandedRatio = 0x7f04006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e00b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_state_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070514
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y2 = 0x7f07050d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f070506
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_announce_current_range_selection = 0x7f11006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e00fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0704fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_height = 0x7f07053c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y2 = 0x7f0704fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_motion_snapshot_view = 0x7f0a01f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_26ssp = 0x7f0700ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_control_y1 = 0x7f0704fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_104sdp = 0x7f070005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Search.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f12041b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_min_width = 0x7f0705a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0704f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/secondMineUserImage = 0x7f0a02a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0704f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphySendButtonTextFontAssets = 0x7f0404eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_error = 0x7f060052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f0704f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level5 = 0x7f0704ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_left_black_24dp = 0x7f0800b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level3 = 0x7f0704eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_error = 0x7f06003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_inset_extra_small = 0x7f0705cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level0 = 0x7f0704e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.SuggestionListView.Mention.Avatar = 0x7f1201ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_434sdp = 0x7f070197
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_m3_chip_checked_circle = 0x7f08009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f0704e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_container_shape = 0x7f0e004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f080027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/selection_type = 0x7f0a02a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/abc_config_activityDefaultDur = 0x7f0b0000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary30 = 0x7f060132
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_selected_alpha = 0x7f0704e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f120488
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchview_height = 0x7f0704dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.CloseMode = 0x7f1200c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_text_button_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0144
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_margin_start_no_navigation_icon = 0x7f0704d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchbar_margin_vertical = 0x7f0704d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiBlockUserOptionIcon = 0x7f040461
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_ripple_selectable_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0704d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_headline_color = 0x7f0e0015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_ripple_focused_alpha = 0x7f0704ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top_with_large_font = 0x7f0704cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f120398
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0704c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f0705ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchbar_padding_start = 0x7f0704d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_min_height = 0x7f0704c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fill = 0x7f0a0129
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0704c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleTextStyle = 0x7f040845
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0704c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ivLogo = 0x7f0a0185
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_secondary_icon_color = 0x7f0e0031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderToggleButton = 0x7f120486
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_mention_template = 0x7f1100f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSingleReactionBubbleBorderWidthMine = 0x7f04075e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/offlineProgressBar = 0x7f0a021a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_top = 0x7f0704bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_579sdp = 0x7f070246
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_28 = 0x7f0a0025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_icon_button_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f07044c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_goneMarginEnd = 0x7f0402a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_467sdp = 0x7f0701be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_navigation_top_padding = 0x7f070585
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/give_us_a_review_landmine_main_layout = 0x7f0a014d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_bottom = 0x7f0704ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0704b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Primary = 0x7f120440
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_nav_badge_with_text_vertical_offset = 0x7f0704b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsLinkLabel = 0x7f04067d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/sendAnyway = 0x7f0a02a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dimensions = 0x7f0a00ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/postLayout = 0x7f0a0258
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_handle_color = 0x7f0e012f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_menu_elevation = 0x7f0704b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/enforceTextAppearance = 0x7f0401ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceListItemSecondary = 0x7f0407f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_large_fab_size = 0x7f0704b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0e0105
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_suffix = 0x7f11006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0602e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0704b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_text_field_caret_color = 0x7f0e00a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e013f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiTheme = 0x7f04076d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fade = 0x7f0a011f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/playIconImageView = 0x7f0a0251
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryBottomBarRightIconStyle = 0x7f040400
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070463
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120452
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/PopupWindowBackgroundState = 0x7f130085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0704af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomEnd = 0x7f040081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_large_tail_bubble_offset = 0x7f070668
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_fab_corner_size = 0x7f0704ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_container_height = 0x7f0704a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelTitleTextStyle = 0x7f040493
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_container_height = 0x7f0704a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPaddingBottom = 0x7f040429
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07049d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error99 = 0x7f060108
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f04032f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/removeButton = 0x7f0a0271
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_header_leading_icon_color = 0x7f0e00f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.V21.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120145
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/KeyTimeCycle = 0x7f130051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_action_text_color_alpha = 0x7f0705e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07049a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070499
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageListHeader = 0x7f1201c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingButtonWidth = 0x7f040590
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070494
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_64ssp = 0x7f07026d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0407ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_subhead_material = 0x7f070345
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_height = 0x7f07048f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07048c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e013d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_handle_opacity = 0x7f07048a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_563sdp = 0x7f070234
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_122sdp = 0x7f07001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_icon_opacity = 0x7f070488
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_item_background_holo_light = 0x7f080050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_selected_handle_opacity = 0x7f070487
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_vertical_offset = 0x7f0703ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_block_user = 0x7f110109
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f070486
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f070484
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_dialog_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_activity_attachment_gallery = 0x7f0d0081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_fab_icon_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_height = 0x7f070482
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/searchInputView = 0x7f0a0293
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_pressed_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_elevation = 0x7f07035a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/perpendicularPath_percent = 0x7f040376
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUserReactionsBackgroundColor = 0x7f040797
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/commandsTitleTextView = 0x7f0a00ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadSeparatorTextStyle = 0x7f04078d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/avd_show_password = 0x7f08007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_headline_color = 0x7f0e016b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_snackbar_container_elevation = 0x7f070481
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/outward = 0x7f0a0235
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_verticalBias = 0x7f0401f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Info = 0x7f120218
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaInformationTextView = 0x7f0a01c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_track_width = 0x7f070490
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_slider_stop_indicator_size = 0x7f070480
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelMedium = 0x7f120247
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_compact_width = 0x7f0705c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/defaultDuration = 0x7f040170
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_size_extra_large = 0x7f070640
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_bg_normal = 0x7f0800e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CircularProgressIndicator = 0x7f130028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_toggle = 0x7f0d0061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/special_effects_controller_view_tag = 0x7f0a02c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEmptyStateTextSize = 0x7f0404af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_inactive_track_opacity = 0x7f07047e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus30sdp = 0x7f0702d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ALT = 0x7f0a0000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_slider_disabled_active_track_opacity = 0x7f07047c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_year_selection_year_unselected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_background_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060276
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_height = 0x7f070479
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_menu_list_item_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120289
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_content_container = 0x7f0a0226
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e0126
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/keyPositionType = 0x7f040261
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_bottom_navigation_item = 0x7f0d0021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f070475
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/verticalDivider2 = 0x7f0a033a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f070474
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f1203af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/curveFit = 0x7f040161
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconPadding = 0x7f04051e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070470
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f12032b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f12031f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_height = 0x7f070468
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_9ssp = 0x7f0702bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1200a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display = 0x7f12040d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f070467
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_post_morphing_duration = 0x7f0b0037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070464
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_on_receive_content_mime_types = 0x7f0a02e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentsTabIconDrawable = 0x7f04056d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07045f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/TOP_START = 0x7f0a000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.DropDownItem.Spinner = 0x7f120356
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/material_motion_duration_short_1 = 0x7f0b002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/noScroll = 0x7f0a0210
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_track_thickness = 0x7f07045c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_padding = 0x7f070602
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_stroke_size = 0x7f0703d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/on = 0x7f0a021e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070459
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/track = 0x7f040853
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/quantizeMotionPhase = 0x7f040389
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070456
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/streamUiQuotedImageAttachmentViewWidth = 0x7f070617
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/audioSpeedButton = 0x7f0a0068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialAlertDialogTheme = 0x7f130059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_width = 0x7f070451
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/linkAttachmentView = 0x7f0a0197
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_focus_outline_width = 0x7f070450
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x1 = 0x7f07050a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__2 = 0x7f08000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_container_elevation = 0x7f070448
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_autocomplete_menu_container_elevation = 0x7f070445
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/photo_and_video = 0x7f0a0248
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_sheet_bottom_docked_drag_handle_color = 0x7f0e0106
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_width = 0x7f07043e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_toggle_margin_top = 0x7f07057e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_display_text_color = 0x7f060215
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_modal_container_elevation = 0x7f07043a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_406sdp = 0x7f070175
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070433
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_height = 0x7f070431
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/simpleItems = 0x7f0403cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_audio = 0x7f08010c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_width = 0x7f07042f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_container_elevation = 0x7f070425
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_icon_size = 0x7f070418
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_path = 0x7f110097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f120035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_small_container_height = 0x7f070417
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/mock_labelBackgroundColor = 0x7f040317
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialTextAppearance = 0x7f130066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f070483
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_235sdp = 0x7f0700a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/onShow = 0x7f04035a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_audio_record_list = 0x7f0d0085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f070415
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f070412
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary50 = 0x7f060141
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f1200bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeleteIcon = 0x7f04049c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070411
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_elevation = 0x7f070402
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120310
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_gallery_access = 0x7f1100eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f120410
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerLarge = 0x7f0403b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/off = 0x7f0a0218
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconBackgroundColor = 0x7f0405e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.CardView = 0x7f120011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_container_height = 0x7f0703fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorPrimaryFixedDim = 0x7f040117
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintCircle = 0x7f04027d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/waveShape = 0x7f04087e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_height = 0x7f0703fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_chip_icon_size = 0x7f0703f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_carousel_debug_keyline_width = 0x7f0703e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary = 0x7f0601de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_elevation = 0x7f0703e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f120302
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_424sdp = 0x7f07018b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_dragged_z = 0x7f0703dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_246sdp = 0x7f0700b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_screen_reader_focusable = 0x7f0a02e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/spread_inside = 0x7f0a02c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_icon_padding_left = 0x7f0703d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tvClose = 0x7f0a0320
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxCornerRadiusBottomStart = 0x7f040082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/barrierAllowsGoneWidgets = 0x7f040064
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsUserReactionOrientation = 0x7f040647
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0704a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subMenuArrow = 0x7f0407a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/saveMedia = 0x7f0a0283
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputEditText = 0x7f12033b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_icon_padding = 0x7f0703cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/callMeasure = 0x7f0a008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_selected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e00d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_icon_only_default_padding = 0x7f0703cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_icon_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0703ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_elevation = 0x7f0703c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationExtraLong2 = 0x7f04031d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ratingbar_indicator_material = 0x7f08005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_elevated_btn_elevation = 0x7f0703c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_disabled_translation_z = 0x7f0703c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_307sdp = 0x7f0700fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_min_width = 0x7f0703c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_25sdp = 0x7f0700c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0703c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_height = 0x7f0703c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tabMode = 0x7f0a02dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_vertical_offset = 0x7f0703bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0101
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_bottom_padding = 0x7f0703ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_bottom = 0x7f0703b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0703b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_vertical_padding = 0x7f0703b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.MonthTextView = 0x7f120489
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_offset = 0x7f0703b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/singleLine = 0x7f0403cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0703ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/threadGuideline = 0x7f0a02fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_y_distance = 0x7f0703aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_x_distance_shrink = 0x7f0703a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_back_progress_side_container_max_scale_x_distance_grow = 0x7f0703a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_back_progress_main_container_min_edge_gap = 0x7f0703a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_back_progress_main_container_max_translation_y = 0x7f0703a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_separator_type = 0x7f0e0166
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_back_progress_bottom_container_max_scale_x_distance = 0x7f0703a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialIconButtonStyle = 0x7f0402f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_select_dialog_material = 0x7f0d001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_appbar_size_compact = 0x7f0703a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger = 0x7f07039e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dynamicColorThemeOverlay = 0x7f040198
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_483sdp = 0x7f0701d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_size = 0x7f07039a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_62sdp = 0x7f070268
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_clock_face = 0x7f0a01ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/tooltip_background_light = 0x7f060344
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_icon_margin = 0x7f070399
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_chip_corner_size = 0x7f0703ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog = 0x7f1203b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemShapeFillColor = 0x7f040253
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity = 0x7f070394
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070390
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_bottom = 0x7f07053e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_container_elevation = 0x7f07040b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/CTRL = 0x7f0a0003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarTextSize = 0x7f04045b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsLinkDescription = 0x7f04067c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backHandlingEnabled = 0x7f040046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSenderNameTextColor = 0x7f040749
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tooltipForegroundColor = 0x7f04084b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07038d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07038c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/highlight_alpha_material_colored = 0x7f07038b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f070386
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_textinput_caption_translate_y = 0x7f070385
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_tab_scrollable_min_width = 0x7f070382
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_tab_max_width = 0x7f070381
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant12 = 0x7f0600c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_text_size = 0x7f070380
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_vertical = 0x7f07037e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_padding_horizontal = 0x7f07037d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_min_width = 0x7f07037c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/month_navigation_bar = 0x7f0a01e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fill_horizontal = 0x7f0a012a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_elevation = 0x7f070379
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconDrawablePadding = 0x7f0405ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width = 0x7f070376
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f070372
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070370
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f07036f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/foreground_material_light = 0x7f060063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_icon_padding = 0x7f07036e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f07036c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_172sdp = 0x7f070057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f07036b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_fab_size_normal = 0x7f07036a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCircleRadius = 0x7f0402ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/call_notification_decline_color = 0x7f060031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_star_small = 0x7f070335
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_star_medium = 0x7f070334
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_226sdp = 0x7f070099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_empty = 0x7f110113
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f06022b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_color = 0x7f0e0099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_fab_image_size = 0x7f070368
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_manager = 0x7f080127
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_radius = 0x7f0705df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_fab_elevation = 0x7f070367
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_fab_border_width = 0x7f070366
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min = 0x7f070365
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_content_inset_material = 0x7f0702f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox = 0x7f1204aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_blue_grey_800 = 0x7f06021a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_text_size = 0x7f070362
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary = 0x7f060174
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width = 0x7f07035e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_face_margin_bottom = 0x7f07051d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_icon_size = 0x7f07035c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_height = 0x7f07035b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width = 0x7f070357
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider = 0x7f120408
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_pinned_message = 0x7f110134
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_bar_container = 0x7f0a0037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_divider_height = 0x7f070661
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/def_drawer_elevation = 0x7f070355
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/toggle = 0x7f0a030b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_right_icon_size = 0x7f07060c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_width = 0x7f070354
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/compat_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f070351
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_chip_surface_color = 0x7f0602cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070469
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070442
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/compat_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07034e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary90 = 0x7f060138
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/cardview_default_elevation = 0x7f07034b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar = 0x7f070348
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MediaActivity.Header = 0x7f1201b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar = 0x7f070346
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_small_material = 0x7f070344
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_bar_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f060097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_header_material = 0x7f070342
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/counterTextAppearance = 0x7f04015b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_call_answer = 0x7f08008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_medium_material = 0x7f070341
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageMaxWidthFactorTheirs = 0x7f04063d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_display_3_material = 0x7f07033d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialAlertDialogButtonSpacerVisibility = 0x7f0402d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/transitionPathRotate = 0x7f040865
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_display_2_material = 0x7f07033c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0600a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_hint_foreground_material_light = 0x7f060008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f12036c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMentionPreviewItemAvatarStyle = 0x7f04053b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/baseline = 0x7f0a0072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_tail_interpolator = 0x7f01001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonEndMargin = 0x7f040711
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_caption_material = 0x7f07033a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f120296
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_body_2_material = 0x7f070338
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/disablePostScroll = 0x7f0a00f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_switch_padding = 0x7f070336
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_delete_confirmation_title = 0x7f1100cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle = 0x7f0407f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f0704a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_459sdp = 0x7f0701b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_star_big = 0x7f070333
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material = 0x7f070331
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.MaterialAlertDialog.Centered = 0x7f120303
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderDefaultLabelTextFont = 0x7f04061c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionOverflowMenuStyle = 0x7f040022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_call_decline = 0x7f080091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_small_tail_bubble_cy_offset = 0x7f07066a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_ripple_pressed_alpha = 0x7f0704d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07046f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material = 0x7f070330
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_height = 0x7f07032e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f120339
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_progress_bar_height_material = 0x7f07032d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/threadsOrnamentRight = 0x7f0a0301
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_popupmenu_background_overlay = 0x7f0800a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f1202da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/avd_hide_password = 0x7f08007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageDateFontAssets = 0x7f040504
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f07032b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerDurationTextStyle = 0x7f040422
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_list_item_height_small_material = 0x7f07032a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_list_item_height_large_material = 0x7f070328
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_button = 0x7f0a0298
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right = 0x7f070323
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer = 0x7f0d00c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/emptyContainer = 0x7f0a010f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_icon_width = 0x7f070321
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07031f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__2 = 0x7f08001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_title_divider_material = 0x7f07031e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_top_material = 0x7f07031d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_navigation_item_separator = 0x7f0d002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_view_gone = 0x7f0b003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons = 0x7f070318
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_side_sheet_width = 0x7f0704e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_538sdp = 0x7f070215
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowActionBar = 0x7f040880
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_503sdp = 0x7f0701ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_corner_radius_material = 0x7f070313
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_toggle_list_item = 0x7f0d007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_control_padding_material = 0x7f070312
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_390sdp = 0x7f070161
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width = 0x7f07030e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_item_margin_end = 0x7f070654
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_button_padding_vertical_material = 0x7f07030d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_452sdp = 0x7f0701ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_497sdp = 0x7f0701e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_dimen = 0x7f070309
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height = 0x7f070308
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f120297
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material = 0x7f070307
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeLinkDescription = 0x7f04069b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_button_min_width_material = 0x7f070306
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_notification_title = 0x7f1100b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUserReactionsTitleTextSize = 0x7f04079b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:plurals/stream_ui_message_list_header_typing_users = 0x7f100003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width = 0x7f070302
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f060223
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f0600d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputMaxLines = 0x7f0405e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material = 0x7f070300
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerScrubberDrawableTint = 0x7f04043e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_elevation_material = 0x7f0702fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/rangeFillColor = 0x7f04038f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_height_material = 0x7f0702fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentBackgroundColor = 0x7f0404b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus9sdp = 0x7f0702f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_hideable = 0x7f04006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus60sdp = 0x7f0702f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_go_btn = 0x7f0a029b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_subtext_size = 0x7f070610
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus5sdp = 0x7f0702f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_rail_default_width = 0x7f0705c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.NoActionBar = 0x7f12026c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessToCameraButtonText = 0x7f04054f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialDisplayDividerStyle = 0x7f0402f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus59sdp = 0x7f0702f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus55sdp = 0x7f0702ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus54sdp = 0x7f0702ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconCornerRadius = 0x7f04051c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus51sdp = 0x7f0702e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_indeterminate__2 = 0x7f08001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus50sdp = 0x7f0702e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Secondary = 0x7f1203e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Invalid = 0x7f120478
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus49sdp = 0x7f0702e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_ctrl_shortcut_label = 0x7f110009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070558
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/switchTextAppearance = 0x7f0407b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral24 = 0x7f0600ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f1200e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus47sdp = 0x7f0702e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_unchecked_pressed__0 = 0x7f080028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus46sdp = 0x7f0702e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsLinkTitle = 0x7f04067e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_share_rectangle = 0x7f080175
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus45sdp = 0x7f0702e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIndicatorHeight = 0x7f0407c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_unread_separator = 0x7f0d00bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus44sdp = 0x7f0702e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_200sdp = 0x7f07007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus40sdp = 0x7f0702dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus39sdp = 0x7f0702db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_40ssp = 0x7f07017a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus38sdp = 0x7f0702da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_dialog_selection_indicator_size = 0x7f070622
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus37sdp = 0x7f0702d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f1203de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/unreadCountBadge = 0x7f0a0328
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus36sdp = 0x7f0702d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_picture_placeholder = 0x7f080169
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_315sdp = 0x7f070106
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_action_mode_close_item_material = 0x7f0d0005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus35sdp = 0x7f0702d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextFontTheirs = 0x7f0405fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_channel_list_item_foreground_view = 0x7f0d008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus34sdp = 0x7f0702d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_medium = 0x7f0705d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_appbar_size_medium = 0x7f0703a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/shortcut = 0x7f0a02b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus33sdp = 0x7f0702d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level4 = 0x7f0704ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus32sdp = 0x7f0702d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus31sdp = 0x7f0702d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus2sdp = 0x7f0702d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus28sdp = 0x7f0702cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_secondary = 0x7f06003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus24sdp = 0x7f0702cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceCaption = 0x7f0407e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus23sdp = 0x7f0702ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/iconGravity = 0x7f040227
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_simple_item_ripple_color = 0x7f060157
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerSendMessageButtonHeight = 0x7f040606
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus21sdp = 0x7f0702c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipMinHeight = 0x7f0400c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/isMaterial3DynamicColorApplied = 0x7f040240
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/waveDecay = 0x7f04087a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus20sdp = 0x7f0702c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_scroll_button_view = 0x7f0d00d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/audioRecordsView = 0x7f0a0066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus1sdp = 0x7f0702c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus19sdp = 0x7f0702c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingBottomSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040360
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus17sdp = 0x7f0702c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus12sdp = 0x7f0702be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus11sdp = 0x7f0702bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listMenuViewStyle = 0x7f0402c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_9sdp = 0x7f0702ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scale = 0x7f0a0287
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_98sdp = 0x7f0702b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextFontMine = 0x7f0405fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_seekbar_thumb_material = 0x7f080067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_96ssp = 0x7f0702b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_95ssp = 0x7f0702b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_container_height = 0x7f070429
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_96sdp = 0x7f0702b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabPaddingTop = 0x7f0407cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_95sdp = 0x7f0702b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f060173
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_93sdp = 0x7f0702ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_command_white = 0x7f080117
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_92sdp = 0x7f0702aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark.ActionBar = 0x7f12007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_91sdp = 0x7f0702a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.InternalGroup = 0x7f12014d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/grantPermissionsImageView = 0x7f0a0152
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_horizontalGap = 0x7f0401ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_side_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0704de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_90ssp = 0x7f0702a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_88sdp = 0x7f0702a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_87sdp = 0x7f07029e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_read_state_avatar_height = 0x7f07069d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_86ssp = 0x7f07029d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_85sdp = 0x7f07029a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_84ssp = 0x7f070299
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_401sdp = 0x7f070170
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_82ssp = 0x7f070295
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor = 0x7f070315
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_resend_message = 0x7f110137
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_toggle_selected_icon_color = 0x7f0e0055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_152sdp = 0x7f07003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/graph_wrap = 0x7f0a0156
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_medium = 0x7f0705d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton = 0x7f120344
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f120068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_82sdp = 0x7f070294
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/gapBetweenBars = 0x7f04020b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_mention = 0x7f0d00ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_81ssp = 0x7f070293
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MessageReplyView = 0x7f130074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_81sdp = 0x7f070292
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_79ssp = 0x7f07028d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentScaleType = 0x7f0404e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_79sdp = 0x7f07028c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_111sdp = 0x7f07000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tooltipText = 0x7f04084e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_76ssp = 0x7f070287
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_417sdp = 0x7f070182
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_76sdp = 0x7f070286
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_75ssp = 0x7f070285
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_toggle_dialog_fragment = 0x7f0d007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_75sdp = 0x7f070284
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemVerticalPadding = 0x7f040260
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0705b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_74ssp = 0x7f070283
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_74sdp = 0x7f070282
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_70ssp = 0x7f07027b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0704f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchbar_elevation = 0x7f0704d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_6ssp = 0x7f070279
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ActionBar = 0x7f130000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarTheme = 0x7f0402e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentsButton = 0x7f0a005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_text_size_extra_large = 0x7f070646
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelHeight = 0x7f040483
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelMembersTextView = 0x7f0a00a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_6sdp = 0x7f070278
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_69ssp = 0x7f070277
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiCopyMessageActionEnabled = 0x7f040497
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_443sdp = 0x7f0701a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f120386
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_68ssp = 0x7f070275
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_511sdp = 0x7f0701f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button.IconButton = 0x7f1202e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contrast = 0x7f040148
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_tabs_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0602ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_66sdp = 0x7f070270
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_color = 0x7f0e006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_63sdp = 0x7f07026a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_61ssp = 0x7f070267
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_icon_clear_height = 0x7f0706a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_card_elevation = 0x7f070597
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral60 = 0x7f0600b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_light = 0x7f06002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_message_composer_cursor = 0x7f080168
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_147sdp = 0x7f070038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_textinput_hovered_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0602f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_60ssp = 0x7f070265
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0705b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_60sdp = 0x7f070264
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_600sdp = 0x7f070263
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandsButtonIconDrawable = 0x7f0405be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_59ssp = 0x7f070260
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_599sdp = 0x7f07025e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_disabled_unselected_track_color = 0x7f0e011e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/neverCompleteToEnd = 0x7f0a020e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_598sdp = 0x7f07025d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_594sdp = 0x7f070259
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_593sdp = 0x7f070258
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_background = 0x7f0601d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus43sdp = 0x7f0702e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_592sdp = 0x7f070257
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textBackgroundZoom = 0x7f040803
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_278sdp = 0x7f0700d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f120405
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120312
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_58ssp = 0x7f070254
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentActionsButton = 0x7f0a0059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_588sdp = 0x7f070251
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemShapeAppearance = 0x7f040251
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_587sdp = 0x7f070250
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070457
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickColor = 0x7f04082b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_previousState = 0x7f0400a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus41sdp = 0x7f0702de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ButtonBarLayout = 0x7f13001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_585sdp = 0x7f07024e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_584sdp = 0x7f07024d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_581sdp = 0x7f07024a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/staticPostLayout = 0x7f0a02d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/container = 0x7f0a00c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/useDrawerArrowDrawable = 0x7f04086d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_580sdp = 0x7f070249
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_57ssp = 0x7f070248
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_57sdp = 0x7f070247
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceDim = 0x7f040127
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/packed = 0x7f0a0237
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.DayNight.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f1202ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingHoldToRecordTextColor = 0x7f04059c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_573sdp = 0x7f070240
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIndicatorAnimationMode = 0x7f0407bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ImageFilterView = 0x7f130049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary50 = 0x7f06014e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_572sdp = 0x7f07023f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog = 0x7f12028a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_571sdp = 0x7f07023e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_dropdown_arrow = 0x7f0800c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bounceStart = 0x7f0a0081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_570sdp = 0x7f07023d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f070485
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constrainedHeight = 0x7f040274
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_372sdp = 0x7f07014b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_569sdp = 0x7f07023a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_fragment_container = 0x7f0d009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_568sdp = 0x7f070239
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.Chip = 0x7f120186
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_566sdp = 0x7f070237
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_button_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f07030a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_clock_period_toggle_land = 0x7f0d003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_564sdp = 0x7f070235
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_elevation = 0x7f07036d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_561sdp = 0x7f070232
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_560sdp = 0x7f070231
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/constraint = 0x7f0a00c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0d005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_559sdp = 0x7f07022e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f1200c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_drawer_layout_corner_size = 0x7f0704b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_556sdp = 0x7f07022b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_554sdp = 0x7f070229
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_54ssp = 0x7f070224
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_301sdp = 0x7f0700f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_edit_text = 0x7f0a0229
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_549sdp = 0x7f070222
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_12 = 0x7f0a0014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Inverse = 0x7f12003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_548sdp = 0x7f070221
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_hovered = 0x7f0703db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f0600ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_dialog_permission_image_size = 0x7f070621
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowFixedWidthMajor = 0x7f040885
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_541sdp = 0x7f07021a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_537sdp = 0x7f070214
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_preview_item_height = 0x7f070693
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_535sdp = 0x7f070212
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeleteTextTint = 0x7f04049f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f0600a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/src_atop = 0x7f0a02c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral94 = 0x7f06011c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_534sdp = 0x7f070211
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f0703bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_532sdp = 0x7f07020f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/descriptionTextView = 0x7f0a00e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_secondary = 0x7f06004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_66ssp = 0x7f070271
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_530sdp = 0x7f07020d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_selected_attachment_media = 0x7f0d00b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_52ssp = 0x7f07020c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundInsetBottom = 0x7f040049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notify_panel_notification_icon_bg = 0x7f0800ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_52sdp = 0x7f07020b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationMedium4 = 0x7f040327
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_margin_horizontal = 0x7f0704c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_38ssp = 0x7f070160
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/singleSelection = 0x7f0403d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_slider_active_track_color_legacy = 0x7f060159
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_527sdp = 0x7f070208
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_523sdp = 0x7f070204
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeWithTextHeight = 0x7f04005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/radio = 0x7f0a025d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_521sdp = 0x7f070202
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnTertiaryContainer = 0x7f04010e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_51ssp = 0x7f070200
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f060169
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_max_width = 0x7f07055c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_516sdp = 0x7f0701fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_50ssp = 0x7f0701f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scroll_to_bottom = 0x7f0a028f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_white_smoke = 0x7f06033b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/design_tab_indicator_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_508sdp = 0x7f0701f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorShown = 0x7f0401b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_49ssp = 0x7f0701e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchView.FullScreen.Container.Shape = 0x7f120166
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_49sdp = 0x7f0701e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.Title = 0x7f1201e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_horizontal_margin = 0x7f0705c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipStrokeColor = 0x7f0400ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/visible_removing_fragment_view_tag = 0x7f0a0349
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_492sdp = 0x7f0701dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_490sdp = 0x7f0701db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerSizeBottomLeft = 0x7f040153
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/View = 0x7f1300ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_48ssp = 0x7f0701da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_title_text = 0x7f0a0200
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_402sdp = 0x7f070171
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_65sdp = 0x7f07026e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_486sdp = 0x7f0701d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_error_attachment_count = 0x7f1100e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$stream_ui_ic_file_zip__0 = 0x7f08002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_485sdp = 0x7f0701d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_482sdp = 0x7f0701d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_text_margin_end = 0x7f0706ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_avatar_gradient_brown = 0x7f060315
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/enableEdgeToEdge = 0x7f0401a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_481sdp = 0x7f0701d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxButtonHeight = 0x7f040303
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_480sdp = 0x7f0701cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppBarLayout = 0x7f13000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_wave_bar_margin_start = 0x7f07063d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_47ssp = 0x7f0701ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraSmall = 0x7f120174
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_297sdp = 0x7f0700ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemBackground = 0x7f040244
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/RadialViewGroup = 0x7f130087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiShowInChatEnabled = 0x7f040756
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small = 0x7f12002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_tint_seek_thumb = 0x7f060016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_47sdp = 0x7f0701cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_475sdp = 0x7f0701c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/spinBars = 0x7f0403d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_474sdp = 0x7f0701c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_473sdp = 0x7f0701c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_docx = 0x7f080124
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_46sdp = 0x7f0701c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Year.Selected = 0x7f12048b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_466sdp = 0x7f0701bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_465sdp = 0x7f0701bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f0601c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessToCameraIconDrawable = 0x7f040550
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_464sdp = 0x7f0701bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_93ssp = 0x7f0702ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_381sdp = 0x7f070156
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_457sdp = 0x7f0701b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_454sdp = 0x7f0701af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_453sdp = 0x7f0701ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_260sdp = 0x7f0700c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/fab_transformation_sheet_behavior = 0x7f110033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/square = 0x7f0a02c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_44ssp = 0x7f0701aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_449sdp = 0x7f0701a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_444sdp = 0x7f0701a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar.Discrete = 0x7f1200f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_384sdp = 0x7f070159
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_441sdp = 0x7f0701a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_43sdp = 0x7f07019d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked__0 = 0x7f080024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_574sdp = 0x7f070241
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_439sdp = 0x7f07019c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_438sdp = 0x7f07019b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_tar = 0x7f080133
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_437sdp = 0x7f07019a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/inputModeImageView = 0x7f0a0179
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_436sdp = 0x7f070199
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarBorderWidth = 0x7f040452
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_432sdp = 0x7f070195
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_431sdp = 0x7f070194
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_430sdp = 0x7f070193
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_42ssp = 0x7f070192
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleMarginBottom = 0x7f04083c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material = 0x7f080068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_42sdp = 0x7f070191
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_429sdp = 0x7f070190
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_425sdp = 0x7f07018c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_activity_attachment_document = 0x7f0d007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_423sdp = 0x7f07018a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_422sdp = 0x7f070189
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0704f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification = 0x7f120217
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDateSeparatorBackgroundColor = 0x7f040499
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_421sdp = 0x7f070188
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_266sdp = 0x7f0700c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayUserReactionsMarginBottom = 0x7f0406d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_41ssp = 0x7f070186
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_marginBaseline = 0x7f0402ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Subtitle.Inverse = 0x7f12020a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_415sdp = 0x7f070180
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_textinput_timepicker = 0x7f0a01b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_minute_suffix = 0x7f11004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_414sdp = 0x7f07017f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_height = 0x7f0705f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_411sdp = 0x7f07017c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_43ssp = 0x7f07019e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_409sdp = 0x7f070178
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_408sdp = 0x7f070177
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentOptionsMenu = 0x7f0a005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary70 = 0x7f060143
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_407sdp = 0x7f070176
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_search_result_list_view = 0x7f0d00d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_405sdp = 0x7f070174
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f120338
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundInsetTop = 0x7f04004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppBarLayout_Layout = 0x7f13000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f12034d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTimeTextStyle = 0x7f040741
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_403sdp = 0x7f070172
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_chip_checked_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0703eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_39sdp = 0x7f07016b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_harmonized_color_error = 0x7f060271
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_leading_content = 0x7f0d00cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_396sdp = 0x7f070167
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelMarginStart = 0x7f04048b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/lvAnimatingDots = 0x7f0a01a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_394sdp = 0x7f070165
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.BodyBold = 0x7f1201dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_393sdp = 0x7f070164
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_message_footnote = 0x7f0d00b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_background = 0x7f0a0224
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAlsoSendToChannelCheckboxTextFontAssets = 0x7f040542
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_391sdp = 0x7f070162
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLinkDescriptionMaxLines = 0x7f04050e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_arrow_left_white = 0x7f0800f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_303sdp = 0x7f0700f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderSearchingForNetworkLabelTextSize = 0x7f040627
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_umnute = 0x7f08015f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGroupAvatarTextColor = 0x7f0404f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderSearchingForNetworkLabelTextStyle = 0x7f040628
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTimeTextStyle = 0x7f0406bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_389sdp = 0x7f07015e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_382sdp = 0x7f070157
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_small_icon_background_padding = 0x7f07060e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_37ssp = 0x7f070154
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_109sdp = 0x7f07000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.BottomBar.LeftIcon = 0x7f1201a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_slider_active_tick_marks_color = 0x7f0602b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_shape_selected_media_round = 0x7f080173
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_37sdp = 0x7f070153
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_elevation = 0x7f07043f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e00cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_379sdp = 0x7f070152
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawerArrowStyle = 0x7f040191
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_378sdp = 0x7f070151
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderStyle = 0x7f04062f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_533sdp = 0x7f070210
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/clearsTag = 0x7f0400d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/SwitchCompat = 0x7f13009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f120074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_377sdp = 0x7f070150
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_374sdp = 0x7f07014d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_36ssp = 0x7f070148
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_36sdp = 0x7f070147
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_368sdp = 0x7f070145
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Secondary = 0x7f1203da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_367sdp = 0x7f070144
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0704f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f06025e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/notification_background = 0x7f0a0215
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_365sdp = 0x7f070142
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorMessageDeletedMine = 0x7f04066f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_deleted_message = 0x7f110110
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonTextColor = 0x7f040445
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextStyleMine = 0x7f040660
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_364sdp = 0x7f070141
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBottomOf = 0x7f040278
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_363sdp = 0x7f070140
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_362sdp = 0x7f07013f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_slide_in_top = 0x7f010007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_elevated_hovered_z = 0x7f0703e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyLinkBackgroundColorTheirs = 0x7f040651
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_radiobutton_button_tint = 0x7f0600a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaActivityProgressBarStyle = 0x7f040518
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_357sdp = 0x7f070138
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_355sdp = 0x7f070136
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_353sdp = 0x7f070134
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_large_text_vertical_offset_adjustment = 0x7f0704b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_34ssp = 0x7f070130
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_clock_period_pm_button = 0x7f0a01af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_34sdp = 0x7f07012f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_count = 0x7f1100be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackCornerRadius = 0x7f040857
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_348sdp = 0x7f07012d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_landscape_header_width = 0x7f07057f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_543sdp = 0x7f07021c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Bridge = 0x7f120093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerRecentFilesTextStyle = 0x7f04057d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f07043c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0800c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_346sdp = 0x7f07012b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f12046b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/title_template = 0x7f0a030a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToAllConstraintSets = 0x7f040394
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.ActionBar = 0x7f1202ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_344sdp = 0x7f070129
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleMargins = 0x7f040840
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f060301
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_33ssp = 0x7f070124
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_check_material = 0x7f080030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_80ssp = 0x7f070291
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary100 = 0x7f06014a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.PrimarySurface = 0x7f120441
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_33sdp = 0x7f070123
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableSize = 0x7f04018c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_grey_850 = 0x7f06026f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_338sdp = 0x7f070121
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_decelerate = 0x7f11003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width = 0x7f07035d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus22sdp = 0x7f0702c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_336sdp = 0x7f07011f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_recent_files = 0x7f1100fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontProviderAuthority = 0x7f0401fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_335sdp = 0x7f07011e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_333sdp = 0x7f07011c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_332sdp = 0x7f07011b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView.Menu = 0x7f120373
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipIconEnabled = 0x7f0400c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.ExpandedMenu.Item = 0x7f120049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGroupAvatarTextFont = 0x7f0404f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_edit_text_material = 0x7f080041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/loadingProgressBar = 0x7f0a019e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f120047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_message_plain_text = 0x7f0d00b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_surface = 0x7f0601aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f060236
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_32ssp = 0x7f070118
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120285
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_action_tombstone = 0x7f0d0067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_file_attachment_width = 0x7f070678
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.SearchBar.Container.Shape = 0x7f120165
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showText = 0x7f0403c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsMessageDeletedMine = 0x7f040680
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/FileAttachmentView = 0x7f13003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_325sdp = 0x7f070112
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_card_ripple_color = 0x7f060073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_321sdp = 0x7f07010e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_320sdp = 0x7f07010d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_319sdp = 0x7f07010a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_316sdp = 0x7f070107
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.CompactMenu = 0x7f1202a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Counter.Overflow = 0x7f120223
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/sp_example = 0x7f0d007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_314sdp = 0x7f070105
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_mention_list_empty = 0x7f1100de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_313sdp = 0x7f070104
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_30sdp = 0x7f0700ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxStrokeColor = 0x7f040085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_carousel_gone_size = 0x7f0703e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/deliveryFailedIcon = 0x7f0a00e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_hour_selection = 0x7f11004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_17ssp = 0x7f070060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_476sdp = 0x7f0701c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f120020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_2ssp = 0x7f0700f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_29ssp = 0x7f0700f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_299sdp = 0x7f0700f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/viewTransitionOnNegativeCross = 0x7f040875
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_menu_arrow_down_black_24dp = 0x7f0800b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_298sdp = 0x7f0700ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_background = 0x7f0601ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_bg_low = 0x7f0800e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_docked_header_container_height = 0x7f07046c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/backButtonContainer = 0x7f0a006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_293sdp = 0x7f0700ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/springStopThreshold = 0x7f0403df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_close_btn = 0x7f0a0299
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_20sdp = 0x7f070085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0a00e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/FragmentContainerView = 0x7f130045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_292sdp = 0x7f0700e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_289sdp = 0x7f0700e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f120264
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/optionListContainer = 0x7f0a0231
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentFileSizeTextFont = 0x7f0404bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_287sdp = 0x7f0700e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_193sdp = 0x7f070070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_285sdp = 0x7f0700e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_282sdp = 0x7f0700dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSaveMediaIcon = 0x7f040703
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/hint_alpha_material_dark = 0x7f07038e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_456sdp = 0x7f0701b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Switch = 0x7f120215
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_27sdp = 0x7f0700d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_badge_large_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_21sdp = 0x7f070091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_zip = 0x7f080138
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_277sdp = 0x7f0700d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.ExtraLarge = 0x7f120173
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_274sdp = 0x7f0700d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Colored = 0x7f12003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0160
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_271sdp = 0x7f0700d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_background_gradient_start = 0x7f06031b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline1 = 0x7f120256
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_270sdp = 0x7f0700cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_26sdp = 0x7f0700cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_268sdp = 0x7f0700cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/enforceMaterialTheme = 0x7f0401aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_265sdp = 0x7f0700c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_search_view_preferred_width = 0x7f07032f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinOptionIcon = 0x7f0406d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/imagePanX = 0x7f040231
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button = 0x7f0800b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_262sdp = 0x7f0700c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.BottomBar.ImageCount = 0x7f1201a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/autoCompleteToStart = 0x7f0a006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_25ssp = 0x7f0700c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_258sdp = 0x7f0700bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral22 = 0x7f0600ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_257sdp = 0x7f0700be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_selectable_item_background_white = 0x7f08016d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_255sdp = 0x7f0700bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_item_option_icon_width = 0x7f070656
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconPaddingTop = 0x7f040537
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_253sdp = 0x7f0700ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_252sdp = 0x7f0700b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_251sdp = 0x7f0700b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ShapeAppearance = 0x7f130091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left = 0x7f070322
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_250sdp = 0x7f0700b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral96 = 0x7f0600ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_textinput_max_width = 0x7f07053a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_panel_menu_list_width = 0x7f07032c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material = 0x7f070324
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_24ssp = 0x7f0700b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$m3_avd_show_password__0 = 0x7f08000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_days_of_week = 0x7f0d004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_244sdp = 0x7f0700af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipStrokeWidth = 0x7f0400cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiShowUserAvatar = 0x7f04075b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_translation_z_base = 0x7f0703da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_383sdp = 0x7f070158
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_243sdp = 0x7f0700ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_display_height = 0x7f07051a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_242sdp = 0x7f0700ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_180sdp = 0x7f070061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundTintMode = 0x7f040051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_suggestion_list_view = 0x7f0d00db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_timepicker_button_stroke = 0x7f0602ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_360sdp = 0x7f07013d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_234sdp = 0x7f0700a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelTitleFontAssets = 0x7f04048e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error = 0x7f0601da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_22ssp = 0x7f07009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_elevation = 0x7f07040d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f1204b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_22sdp = 0x7f07009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_225sdp = 0x7f070098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_223sdp = 0x7f070096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_21ssp = 0x7f070092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_219sdp = 0x7f070090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_216sdp = 0x7f07008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b0034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiTextAppearance.Caption1Bold = 0x7f1201dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_214sdp = 0x7f07008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Title = 0x7f120249
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_210sdp = 0x7f070087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f0600ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/rightToLeft = 0x7f0a027a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_191sdp = 0x7f07006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f0600f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_208sdp = 0x7f070083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/useCompatPadding = 0x7f04086c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyCardBackgroundColor = 0x7f0404d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_205sdp = 0x7f070080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_permissions_setting_button = 0x7f1100fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_203sdp = 0x7f07007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_1ssp = 0x7f07007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_1sdp = 0x7f070079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/inputModeTextView = 0x7f0a017a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReactionsBubbleBorderWidthMine = 0x7f0406f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/startIconMinSize = 0x7f0403e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_19sdp = 0x7f070077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Spinner = 0x7f130098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_198sdp = 0x7f070075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant92 = 0x7f0600cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_194sdp = 0x7f070071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontLinkDescription = 0x7f04068b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f0703f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_action_top_padding = 0x7f070396
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_192sdp = 0x7f07006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070438
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabCradleVerticalOffset = 0x7f0401d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_18ssp = 0x7f07006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_icon_size = 0x7f07044a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_18sdp = 0x7f07006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_188sdp = 0x7f070069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_datepicker_elevation = 0x7f0704a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_187sdp = 0x7f070068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_dodgeInsetEdges = 0x7f0402a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_186sdp = 0x7f070067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/spinnerStyle = 0x7f0403d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_184sdp = 0x7f070065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0162
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_button_height = 0x7f070618
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_179sdp = 0x7f07005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_177sdp = 0x7f07005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_selected_attachment_corner_radius = 0x7f0706b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_371sdp = 0x7f07014a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_16ssp = 0x7f070054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/elastic = 0x7f0a010d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_249sdp = 0x7f0700b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_16sdp = 0x7f070053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_373sdp = 0x7f07014c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_horizontalStyle = 0x7f0401ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_166sdp = 0x7f07004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_dialog_background = 0x7f0800c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIndicatorFullWidth = 0x7f0407c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/containerView = 0x7f0a00c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/report_drawn = 0x7f0a0277
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderToggleButton = 0x7f0402e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_159sdp = 0x7f070046
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_158sdp = 0x7f070045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemMinHeight = 0x7f04024c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_height_major = 0x7f070314
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_150sdp = 0x7f07003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_background_gradient_end = 0x7f06031a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_error = 0x7f0403ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_14sdp = 0x7f07003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_148sdp = 0x7f070039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/permissionText = 0x7f0a0244
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/pooling_container_listener_holder_tag = 0x7f0a0254
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_146sdp = 0x7f070037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Colored = 0x7f120490
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_542sdp = 0x7f07021b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarTextColor = 0x7f040458
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_143sdp = 0x7f070034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/overlapAnchor = 0x7f04035d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_139sdp = 0x7f07002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_134sdp = 0x7f070029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlaybackButtonPadding = 0x7f040435
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/antiClockwise = 0x7f0a0053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_129sdp = 0x7f070022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewBackgroundOutlineColor = 0x7f040716
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_128sdp = 0x7f070021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07049f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerRecentFilesText = 0x7f040578
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_125sdp = 0x7f07001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ChannelActions.Dialog.Avatar = 0x7f1201aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/navigationIconTint = 0x7f04034c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_120sdp = 0x7f070019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSenderNameTextSize = 0x7f04074c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_11sdp = 0x7f070017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar.Title = 0x7f12004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_221sdp = 0x7f070094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_118sdp = 0x7f070015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_center_overlap_floating_locked = 0x7f0d00c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/emptyImage = 0x7f0a0111
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_116sdp = 0x7f070013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/uploadingContainer = 0x7f0a032d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_large_fab_max_image_size = 0x7f0704b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f070446
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonUnreadEnabled = 0x7f040714
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:font/font_bold = 0x7f090003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_card_foreground_color = 0x7f060072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_114sdp = 0x7f070011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Icon = 0x7f1203c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/m3_auto_complete_simple_item = 0x7f0d0036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light = 0x7f06000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dividerInsetStart = 0x7f040180
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_113sdp = 0x7f070010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/clockwise = 0x7f0a00b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_106sdp = 0x7f070007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonPanelSideLayout = 0x7f040095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_105sdp = 0x7f070006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_100sdp = 0x7f070000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/white = 0x7f060349
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/mtrl_btn_textappearance_all_caps = 0x7f050005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus8sdp = 0x7f0702f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/stream_ui_light_status_bar = 0x7f050007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/switch_thumb_material_dark = 0x7f06033f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f060254
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06033e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_size = 0x7f070527
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListBackground = 0x7f0406e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_text_color_primary = 0x7f060336
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f06025a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_message_list_image_attachment_background = 0x7f060330
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineMedium = 0x7f0407eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiCopyOptionIcon = 0x7f040498
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_icon_button_background = 0x7f06032b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyLabelTextColor = 0x7f0404d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemIconSize = 0x7f040249
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_grey_whisper = 0x7f060329
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f07052d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_button_text_color = 0x7f060323
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialTimePickerTitleStyle = 0x7f040300
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_top = 0x7f07058a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_arrow_drop_down = 0x7f0800c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelMarginEnd = 0x7f04048a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentFileSizeFontAssets = 0x7f0404bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon.Primary = 0x7f1203d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/pressedTranslationZ = 0x7f040385
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary = 0x7f0601ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_border = 0x7f060321
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/included = 0x7f0a0174
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_grey_gainsboro = 0x7f060328
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_literal_transparent = 0x7f06032e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_active_label_text_color = 0x7f0e00fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Window.Fullscreen = 0x7f120195
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f0c000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_black_50 = 0x7f06031e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_textfield_indicator_text_color = 0x7f06020b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_135sdp = 0x7f07002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_deep_teal_200 = 0x7f06021e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f120075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerReplyModeText = 0x7f040602
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_506sdp = 0x7f0701ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_avatar_gradient_yellow = 0x7f060319
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_avatar_gradient_red = 0x7f060318
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_send = 0x7f080157
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ListView = 0x7f120371
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_pinned_message_list_results_error = 0x7f110147
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_avatar_gradient_green = 0x7f060316
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsTextFont = 0x7f040642
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_avatar_gradient_blue = 0x7f060314
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelDeleteEnabled = 0x7f040481
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_accent_green = 0x7f06030e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorLinkTitle = 0x7f04066d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_padding_start = 0x7f07062c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/permissionx_text_color = 0x7f0602fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color = 0x7f060059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/secondary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f060308
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/closeIconStartPadding = 0x7f0400e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabBackground = 0x7f0407b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_540sdp = 0x7f070219
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/secondary_text_default_material_dark = 0x7f060307
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_141sdp = 0x7f070032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color = 0x7f060057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_dark_material_dark = 0x7f0602fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/permissionx_split_line = 0x7f0602f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V26.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/muteIcon = 0x7f0a0203
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hideNavigationIcon = 0x7f040219
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_selected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0e012d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_textinput_focused_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0602f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlaceHolderIconTint = 0x7f04052e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/popupMenuBackground = 0x7f04037d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_error = 0x7f0602d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_textinput_filled_box_default_background_color = 0x7f0602f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_keyboard_arrow_right_black_24dp = 0x7f0800b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_y1 = 0x7f07050c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_title_material = 0x7f070347
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/AppTheme.ChatApp = 0x7f12000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.Display.Divider = 0x7f12040e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/nestedScrollViewStyle = 0x7f040351
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEffect_strict = 0x7f04033c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/simpleItemSelectedRippleColor = 0x7f0403cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineLarge = 0x7f0407ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f0602ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/supportScrollUp = 0x7f0a02db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_329sdp = 0x7f070116
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DynamicColors.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f120295
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_elevation_big = 0x7f07066f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Legacy.ExtraSmall = 0x7f1203cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f060260
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_button_material = 0x7f070339
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/negativeLayout = 0x7f0a020c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector = 0x7f0602eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_7z = 0x7f08011f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_result_item_margin_end = 0x7f0706af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_arrow_left = 0x7f0800f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_item_min_width = 0x7f070358
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textInputStyle = 0x7f04080f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f0602e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textInputLayoutFocusedRectEnabled = 0x7f04080b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_426sdp = 0x7f07018d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_icon_search_margin_start = 0x7f0706aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_thread_replies_ornament_left = 0x7f080176
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_scrim_color = 0x7f0602e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary99 = 0x7f060154
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/deleteLabel = 0x7f0a00e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_track_thickness_extra_small = 0x7f0705d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_snackbar_background_overlay_color_alpha = 0x7f0705ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_error_container_color = 0x7f0e0009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_ripple_color = 0x7f0602da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_checked = 0x7f0800be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Icon2 = 0x7f120154
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_colored_item_tint = 0x7f0602d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar = 0x7f120332
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f06006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_indicator_text_color = 0x7f0602d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerEditModeIconDrawable = 0x7f0405cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth_max = 0x7f04029f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_white_snow = 0x7f06033c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingSlideToCancelTextStyle = 0x7f0405a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_117sdp = 0x7f070014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ViewStubCompat = 0x7f1300b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f120342
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_choice_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f0602cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_calendar_main_pane = 0x7f0a01ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_chip_text_color = 0x7f0602cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_leave_channel = 0x7f1100d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_calendar_black_24dp = 0x7f0800af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontMessageDeletedTheirs = 0x7f040690
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabMode = 0x7f0407c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f0602c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_btn_text_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_minWidth = 0x7f070601
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_timepicker = 0x7f0d0043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarShape = 0x7f040457
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_chip_hovered_translation_z = 0x7f0703f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_107sdp = 0x7f070008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadLabelButtonTextStyle = 0x7f040781
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth = 0x7f04029d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingLeft = 0x7f0402c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_10ssp = 0x7f07000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_timepicker_clockface = 0x7f0602bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_timepicker_button_background = 0x7f0602b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceContainerLow = 0x7f040125
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_filled_stroke_color = 0x7f0602d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/include = 0x7f1300b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageFooterContainerInner = 0x7f0a01d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_timepicker_dialog = 0x7f0d0044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/onlineTextView = 0x7f0a0222
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/title = 0x7f040837
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_container = 0x7f06029b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_primary_inverse_text_disable_only = 0x7f0602b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemTextColor = 0x7f04025f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_hint_foreground = 0x7f0602af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceBright = 0x7f040121
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse_disable_only = 0x7f0602ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyStrokeWidthTheirs = 0x7f0405f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_dim = 0x7f0602a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0602a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_major = 0x7f07031a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyLinkColorMine = 0x7f040652
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_padding_top = 0x7f07062d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentTitleTextStyle = 0x7f040796
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentsNoFilesTextStyle = 0x7f04056b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus29sdp = 0x7f0702d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container_high = 0x7f0602a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/reactionsSpace = 0x7f0a0261
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_bright = 0x7f06029f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceListItem = 0x7f0407f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary0 = 0x7f06013b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_primary_text_inverse = 0x7f060299
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerWaveBarColorFuture = 0x7f04044c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingFloatingLockIconDrawableTint = 0x7f040596
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_primary_text = 0x7f060298
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/endIconTint = 0x7f0401a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderOfflineLabelTextStyle = 0x7f040623
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/activityChooserViewStyle = 0x7f040027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_primary_inverse = 0x7f060297
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSearchInfoBarTextFontAssets = 0x7f040746
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorButtonNormal = 0x7f0400f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_small_corner_family = 0x7f0b0025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_search_url_text_normal = 0x7f06000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_small_tail_bubble_cy = 0x7f0706d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_outline = 0x7f060293
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f12026d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/scaleFromTextSize = 0x7f0403a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/visible = 0x7f0a0348
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/snackbar_action = 0x7f0a02bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_283sdp = 0x7f0700de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_outlined_icon_tint = 0x7f0602e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberInfoTextFont = 0x7f040471
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f12023b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_primary = 0x7f06028a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding_icon = 0x7f0705a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_primary = 0x7f0601e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_56ssp = 0x7f07023c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_background = 0x7f060287
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_bright = 0x7f06019b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/tooltip_frame_dark = 0x7f08017b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral12 = 0x7f06010c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_345sdp = 0x7f07012a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f0600a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGlobalAvatarBorderColor = 0x7f0404f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/slide = 0x7f0a02ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/position = 0x7f0a0255
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_background = 0x7f060281
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconElevation = 0x7f0405f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingButtonIconDrawable = 0x7f04058b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized__highlighted_text_inverse = 0x7f060280
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/prefixTextColor = 0x7f040383
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chainUseRtl = 0x7f0400ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_primary_disabled = 0x7f060278
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_grey_800 = 0x7f06026e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_grey_100 = 0x7f06026a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsUserReactionAlignment = 0x7f040646
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f060269
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_calendar_item_disabled_text = 0x7f060070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_today_description = 0x7f11008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f060268
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f060267
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ifRoom = 0x7f0a016c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/controlBackground = 0x7f040149
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_period_toggle_vertical_gap = 0x7f070525
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_cannot_open_link = 0x7f110116
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_audio_record_player_speed_text_color = 0x7f060313
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary70 = 0x7f060265
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead = 0x7f12002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f06006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f060262
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ChannelActionsDialog = 0x7f130022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_background_inset_end = 0x7f07053f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary30 = 0x7f060261
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/marginLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/outline = 0x7f0a0234
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberNamesTextFontAssets = 0x7f040477
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/applyMotionScene = 0x7f040037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary0 = 0x7f06025d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f06025c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/onTouchUp = 0x7f04035c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recordingDelete = 0x7f0a0269
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary100 = 0x7f0600d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_time_picker_minimum_screen_width = 0x7f07053d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewIconClearHeight = 0x7f04071d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.Date = 0x7f1201a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/searchListView = 0x7f0a0294
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/spline = 0x7f0a02c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Body1 = 0x7f1201e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/allowStacking = 0x7f04002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary100 = 0x7f060252
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_error_mute_user = 0x7f11011a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f060251
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/FontFamilyFont = 0x7f130042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentMoreCountTextFont = 0x7f04052a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary50 = 0x7f060249
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_selection_control_ripple = 0x7f0800a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_590sdp = 0x7f070255
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f060247
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModePopupWindowStyle = 0x7f04001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemNameTextFontAssets = 0x7f04055e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/submitBackground = 0x7f0407aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary10 = 0x7f060244
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f060240
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f06023f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_media_attachment_view = 0x7f0d00c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/spacer = 0x7f0a02c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/iconStartPadding = 0x7f04022a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f060238
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerScrollbarFadingEnabled = 0x7f040604
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/month_title = 0x7f0a01e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f060237
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral99 = 0x7f060235
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_btn_ripple_color = 0x7f0602bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f060234
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_blue_grey_950 = 0x7f06021c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f060232
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTimeTextFontAssets = 0x7f0406e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_top_pad = 0x7f070611
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageIndicatorIcon = 0x7f0406da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f060231
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_31ssp = 0x7f07010c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplayMedium = 0x7f120230
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_touchUpMode = 0x7f0400aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f06022f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_154sdp = 0x7f070041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral0 = 0x7f060229
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipStartPadding = 0x7f0400cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f060228
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_color_light_error = 0x7f060225
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton = 0x7f12045f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/labelContainer = 0x7f0a018a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dayTodayStyle = 0x7f04016f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/switchPadding = 0x7f0407b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActionBar.TabBar = 0x7f120341
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark = 0x7f12005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSecondaryContainer = 0x7f04011c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentPaddingRight = 0x7f040144
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResulListItemMarginStart = 0x7f04072b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageFontAssets = 0x7f040509
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_time_input_stroke_color = 0x7f060218
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_elevation = 0x7f070555
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_491sdp = 0x7f0701dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title = 0x7f070319
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_light = 0x7f08005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_ripple_color = 0x7f060216
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingFloatingButtonIconDrawable = 0x7f040593
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkMarkTint = 0x7f0400b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f060212
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_secondary_text_button_text_color = 0x7f060217
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f1203b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_text_button_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f060208
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_text_button_background_color_selector = 0x7f060207
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoSizeTextType = 0x7f040044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral100 = 0x7f0600a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_tabs_text_color = 0x7f060205
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/start = 0x7f0a02cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_button_size = 0x7f070619
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_on_primary_text_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/stream_ui_audio_record_player_file_icon_container_visible = 0x7f050006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_247sdp = 0x7f0700b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Time = 0x7f12021d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_tabs_ripple_color = 0x7f060203
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_slider_inactive_tick_marks_color = 0x7f0602b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_343sdp = 0x7f070128
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0d0023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary20 = 0x7f06013e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_tabs_icon_color = 0x7f060201
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary40 = 0x7f060133
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CircularProgressIndicator.ExtraSmall = 0x7f120469
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_padding_top = 0x7f0704ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_secondary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_maxElementsWrap = 0x7f0401f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/defaultScrollFlagsEnabled = 0x7f040173
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_error = 0x7f0601a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_primary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_switch_thumb_material = 0x7f08006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_header_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_567sdp = 0x7f070238
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_on_tertiary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/selectorSize = 0x7f0403af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/permissionx_default_dialog_bg = 0x7f0800eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyStrokeWidthTheirs = 0x7f040657
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/labelStyle = 0x7f040266
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1202e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAttachmentTabToggleButtonStateList = 0x7f040555
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayIconHeight = 0x7f040408
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_calendar_frame = 0x7f0a01ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/crossfade = 0x7f04015d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_tertiary = 0x7f0601e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary = 0x7f0601dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiAttachmentsShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f1201d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f0601d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/peekHeight = 0x7f0a0241
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnTertiary = 0x7f04010d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_primary_fixed_dim = 0x7f0601ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListSenderNameTextFontAssets = 0x7f0406ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dragDirection = 0x7f040184
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_hand_padding = 0x7f070520
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_tertiary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_62ssp = 0x7f070269
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/none = 0x7f0a0212
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_variant = 0x7f0601c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_padding = 0x7f0705de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_dim = 0x7f0601c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_text_size_input = 0x7f0706c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderShowBackButtonBadge = 0x7f04062c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.TextInputLayout = 0x7f1204b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f0600c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyBackgroundColorTheirs = 0x7f04064f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_container_color = 0x7f0e0006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_highest = 0x7f0601c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_part_chronometer = 0x7f0d0073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container = 0x7f0601be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIconTintMode = 0x7f0407bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingRight = 0x7f0402c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline_variant = 0x7f0601b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_mark_as_unread = 0x7f110131
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/horizontalGuideline = 0x7f0a0167
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customBoolean = 0x7f040162
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_inverse_primary = 0x7f0601a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CompoundButton.Switch = 0x7f1203d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/alphabeticModifiers = 0x7f04002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_search_hint = 0x7f110012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_edit_black_24dp = 0x7f0800b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.ActionBar = 0x7f120318
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbRadius = 0x7f040823
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_variant = 0x7f0601a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_399sdp = 0x7f07016a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_low = 0x7f06019f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_high = 0x7f06019d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_textfield_filled_background_color = 0x7f06020a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline = 0x7f060194
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialSearchViewPrefixStyle = 0x7f0402f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_action_mode_bar = 0x7f0d0004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f020015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textColorSearchUrl = 0x7f040805
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_fragment_attachment_camera = 0x7f0d0096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontDate = 0x7f040688
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CheckedTextView = 0x7f130025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_32sdp = 0x7f070117
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_error_container = 0x7f06018b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_text_large = 0x7f0706c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral100 = 0x7f06010b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_error = 0x7f060184
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_input_text_to_prefix_suffix_padding = 0x7f070538
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_background = 0x7f060183
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_toggle_to_calendar_input_mode = 0x7f11008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSearchInfoBarTextColor = 0x7f040744
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_slide_out_bottom = 0x7f010008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary = 0x7f060181
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CardView = 0x7f120101
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/guideline = 0x7f0a015a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/text2 = 0x7f0a02ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_low = 0x7f06017d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_bright = 0x7f060179
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface = 0x7f060178
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AlertDialog = 0x7f130006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_468sdp = 0x7f0701bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ChannelList.Item.Avatar = 0x7f1201ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/give_us_a_review_landmine_text_2 = 0x7f0a014f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_fab_shadow_mid_color = 0x7f060054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_trailing_content_button_record_audio_height = 0x7f070687
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_period_selector_selected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0157
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f060170
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabTextColor = 0x7f0407d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopEnd = 0x7f040083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface_variant = 0x7f06016f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day.Today = 0x7f12047a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_btn_elevated_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabStyle = 0x7f0407d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f06016d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_day_width = 0x7f070573
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fastScrollVerticalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnpinOptionIcon = 0x7f040779
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size_small = 0x7f0705d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f06016b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_primary = 0x7f06016a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_227sdp = 0x7f07009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_126sdp = 0x7f07001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f060166
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyCardElevation = 0x7f0404d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/loadingViewContainer = 0x7f0a019f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f060165
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/telltales_tailColor = 0x7f0407d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewStyle = 0x7f040525
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_audio_attachment_width = 0x7f070676
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Toolbar.OnSurface = 0x7f12043d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060164
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed = 0x7f0800d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_hint_foreground = 0x7f06008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Light.ActionBar.Solid = 0x7f120473
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_12sdp = 0x7f070023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_media = 0x7f0d0071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/removeEmbeddedFabElevation = 0x7f04039c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextFontMine = 0x7f04065c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/SHIFT = 0x7f0a0007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResulListItemSeparatorDrawable = 0x7f04072c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_switch_thumb_tint = 0x7f06015f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TabLayout.Colored = 0x7f1204a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f060158
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_command_blue = 0x7f080115
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_white = 0x7f060155
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerFileIconContainerWidth = 0x7f040427
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001 = 0x7f08003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transition_clip = 0x7f0a0317
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary60 = 0x7f06014f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_grey_300 = 0x7f06026b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiRetryMessageEnabled = 0x7f040700
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary20 = 0x7f06014b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0112
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_timepicker_cancel_button = 0x7f0a01b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary10 = 0x7f060149
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentsNoFilesTextFont = 0x7f040568
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary99 = 0x7f060147
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView = 0x7f1200f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary10 = 0x7f06013c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary80 = 0x7f060137
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dragAnticlockwise = 0x7f0a00f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary60 = 0x7f060135
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/switcher = 0x7f0a02dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/barLength = 0x7f040063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1202c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary50 = 0x7f060134
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_on_surface = 0x7f060186
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Button = 0x7f1202e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1200e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_hover_icon_color = 0x7f0e007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f060040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral98 = 0x7f0600bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableTint = 0x7f04018e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_icon_color = 0x7f0e0033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary100 = 0x7f060130
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_clear = 0x7f080110
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f060129
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Medium.Inverse = 0x7f1201f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f060127
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomNavigationView.Colored = 0x7f120451
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/animateMenuItems = 0x7f040032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderLayout = 0x7f120481
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f060125
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandDescriptionTextSize = 0x7f0405ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f060124
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant100 = 0x7f060123
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f12005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary99 = 0x7f06013a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V24.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f1200b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listPreferredItemHeightSmall = 0x7f0402c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12026a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/suffixText = 0x7f0407b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_232sdp = 0x7f0700a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral95 = 0x7f06011d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintVertical_weight = 0x7f04029c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral92 = 0x7f06011b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_behavior = 0x7f040271
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_tint_switch_track = 0x7f060018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentStrokeColor = 0x7f040790
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Popup.Primary = 0x7f12033c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline = 0x7f0601e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f080018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral87 = 0x7f060119
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceLabelSmall = 0x7f0407ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral70 = 0x7f060117
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_material_dark = 0x7f0602ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material = 0x7f070332
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral6 = 0x7f060115
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationExtraLong3 = 0x7f04031e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f1201f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f06007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral40 = 0x7f060113
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_secondary_container = 0x7f06018f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_thread_replies_ornament_right = 0x7f080177
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral30 = 0x7f060111
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060292
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral20 = 0x7f06010e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/duration = 0x7f0a0101
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/confirm_button = 0x7f0a00bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0705bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral17 = 0x7f06010d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialSwitchStyle = 0x7f0402fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerScrollbarEnabled = 0x7f040603
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral10 = 0x7f06010a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral0 = 0x7f060109
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error90 = 0x7f060106
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemIconPadding = 0x7f040248
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileManagerIconDrawable = 0x7f04056e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error80 = 0x7f060105
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MessageComposerView = 0x7f130071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error70 = 0x7f060104
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth_percent = 0x7f0402a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error60 = 0x7f060103
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_ripple_default_alpha = 0x7f0704cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error50 = 0x7f060102
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_lowest = 0x7f06017e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ActionMode = 0x7f1200ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0401c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/yearTodayStyle = 0x7f04088c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error10 = 0x7f0600fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSystemMessageTextStyle = 0x7f04076c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f1203ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary95 = 0x7f0600fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070500
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/suffixTextAppearance = 0x7f0407b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f0600f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary20 = 0x7f0600f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCooldownTimerTextFontAssets = 0x7f0405c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f0600f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_header_height = 0x7f070579
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_595sdp = 0x7f07025a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Large.Inverse = 0x7f120023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f060256
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Large.Tertiary = 0x7f1203e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary99 = 0x7f0600ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fixed_size = 0x7f0a0137
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerBackgroundColor = 0x7f040556
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_286sdp = 0x7f0700e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary30 = 0x7f0600e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_textinput_default_box_stroke_color = 0x7f0602f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_background = 0x7f060038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary30 = 0x7f0600d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/centerContainer = 0x7f0a0093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.DropDownItem = 0x7f12003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontProviderPackage = 0x7f040201
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_fab_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/up = 0x7f0a032c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary20 = 0x7f0600d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_activity_attachment = 0x7f0d0080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight_percent = 0x7f04028a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant94 = 0x7f0600d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/unreadSeparatorLabel = 0x7f0a032b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/region_heightMoreThan = 0x7f040399
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textEndPadding = 0x7f040806
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/percentY = 0x7f040375
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingWaveformColor = 0x7f0405a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/navigation_empty_icon = 0x7f0800dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_mention_icon_size = 0x7f070672
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayMessageOptionsMarginEnd = 0x7f0406d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSenderNameTextStyle = 0x7f040753
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadLabelButtonEnabled = 0x7f04077b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary40 = 0x7f0600e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_442sdp = 0x7f0701a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant98 = 0x7f0600d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.Alert.Bridge = 0x7f1202c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant96 = 0x7f0600d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040363
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant90 = 0x7f0600ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_input_time_input_field_container_shape = 0x7f0e0147
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/menu = 0x7f04030c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f0600ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f0600c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/rotationCenterId = 0x7f04039f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant24 = 0x7f0600c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant22 = 0x7f0600c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/circularProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0400d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawPath = 0x7f040187
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus3sdp = 0x7f0702dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary0 = 0x7f060243
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_divider_thickness = 0x7f07052a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral87 = 0x7f0600b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxCharacterCount = 0x7f040304
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral80 = 0x7f0600b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/goIcon = 0x7f04020d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerSizeBottomRight = 0x7f040154
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentProgressIcon = 0x7f040539
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral6 = 0x7f0600b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_horizontal = 0x7f0d0050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f0600af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral4 = 0x7f0600ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputCannotSendHintText = 0x7f0405de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_pre_l_text_clip_padding = 0x7f070586
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown = 0x7f120381
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary10 = 0x7f0600f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_search_view = 0x7f0d0019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/tooltip_background_dark = 0x7f060343
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordPlayerViewStyle = 0x7f040588
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_cursor_color = 0x7f06021d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderDefaultLabelTextStyle = 0x7f04061e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_attachment_dialog_file_type_height = 0x7f07061e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/mtrl_linear_out_slow_in = 0x7f0c0011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_inactive_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long3 = 0x7f0b0011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_rail_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontMessageDeletedMine = 0x7f04068f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_item_background_color = 0x7f060099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_51sdp = 0x7f0701ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_24sdp = 0x7f0700b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary90 = 0x7f0600f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f110051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_icon_button_icon_color_selector = 0x7f060095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResulListItemMarginEnd = 0x7f04072a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/useLogo = 0x7f0a032e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dragStart = 0x7f0a00fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_173sdp = 0x7f070058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/sizePercent = 0x7f0403d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_hint_foreground = 0x7f060094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Snackbar = 0x7f12030e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowFixedHeightMajor = 0x7f040883
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_hand_stroke_width = 0x7f070521
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/reactiveGuide_applyToConstraintSet = 0x7f040395
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_495sdp = 0x7f0701e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCardViewFilledStyle = 0x7f0402eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbHeight = 0x7f04081e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayIconWidth = 0x7f040409
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearancePopupMenuHeader = 0x7f0407f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemUsernameTextColor = 0x7f0405d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_enabled_send_button_color_selector = 0x7f060326
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_filled_icon_button_container_color_selector = 0x7f060092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_fab_efab_foreground_color_selector = 0x7f060090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_user_status_online = 0x7f11014f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_calendar_text_input_frame = 0x7f0a01f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.TextButton.Dialog.Icon = 0x7f1203b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f06008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxBackgroundMode = 0x7f04007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:font/stream_roboto_regular = 0x7f090002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline1 = 0x7f0407e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f060086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f0600cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f060081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaActivityIconStyle = 0x7f040517
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/mtrl_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f01002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_files_access = 0x7f1100ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dark_hint_foreground = 0x7f06007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/black = 0x7f060027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/counterEnabled = 0x7f040157
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageLinkBackgroundColorMine = 0x7f04060e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_chip_ripple_color = 0x7f060079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable = 0x7f0401b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f060071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_button_ripple_color = 0x7f06006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Badge.Shape = 0x7f12015b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container_high = 0x7f0601ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Chip = 0x7f130026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus42sdp = 0x7f0702df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_maximum_default_fullscreen_minor_axis = 0x7f070580
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_assist_chip_stroke_color = 0x7f060069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerHeight = 0x7f040428
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/fastscroll_margin = 0x7f070389
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_108sdp = 0x7f070009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintTop_creator = 0x7f040297
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral99 = 0x7f060120
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_appbar_overlay_color = 0x7f060067
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/ic_launcher_background = 0x7f060066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReactionsEnabled = 0x7f0406f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_action_bar_title_item = 0x7f0d0000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/KeyCycle = 0x7f13004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/streamUiQuotedImageAttachmentViewHeight = 0x7f070616
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_selection_control_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060156
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/seekBarStyle = 0x7f0403ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/commandIconImageView = 0x7f0a00b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/error_color_material_light = 0x7f060061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_288sdp = 0x7f0700e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/error_color_material_dark = 0x7f060060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MessageOptions.Avatar = 0x7f1201c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsThreadSeparator = 0x7f040686
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/currentState = 0x7f04015e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/targetId = 0x7f0407d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0703b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_top_pad_large_text = 0x7f070612
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMentionListStyle = 0x7f04053a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f060080
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f06005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3 = 0x7f1202d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color = 0x7f060056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/notification_main_column_container = 0x7f0a0217
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_fab_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Bridge = 0x7f1202bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEditReactionsBubbleColorMine = 0x7f0404a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_leave_group = 0x7f080140
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontLinkTitle = 0x7f04068d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaAttachmentsTabIconDrawable = 0x7f040576
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_fab_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_state_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070512
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/permissionx_permission_item = 0x7f0d0076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120399
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Headline = 0x7f1201f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle2 = 0x7f0407fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subtitle = 0x7f0407ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_fab_efab_background_color_selector = 0x7f06008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fill_vertical = 0x7f0a012b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline2 = 0x7f0407e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_docked_container_shape = 0x7f0e00f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadlineSmall = 0x7f0407ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_primary_variant = 0x7f06004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e0074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f06004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070387
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabAnchorMode = 0x7f0401cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemMentionTextFontAssets = 0x7f0405d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/editTextBackground = 0x7f040199
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_376sdp = 0x7f07014f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_wave_bar_height = 0x7f07063c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_round_bottom_sheet = 0x7f08016c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_background = 0x7f060045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/honorRequest = 0x7f0a0165
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f120094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/background_floating_material_light = 0x7f06001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemSizeTextFont = 0x7f040562
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_secondary = 0x7f060042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_13 = 0x7f0a0015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_23sdp = 0x7f0700a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/KeyFramesVelocity = 0x7f13004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_surface = 0x7f06003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSearchInfoBarBackground = 0x7f040743
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputCursorDrawable = 0x7f0405df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f06003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog = 0x7f120089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListLoadingView = 0x7f040637
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus13sdp = 0x7f0702bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dark_highlighted_text = 0x7f06007e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f120025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_on_background = 0x7f06003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_selected_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/compat_notification_large_icon_max_height = 0x7f070353
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_167sdp = 0x7f070050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/button_material_light = 0x7f06002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bright_foreground_material_light = 0x7f06002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_25 = 0x7f0a0022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_light = 0x7f060029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_334sdp = 0x7f07011d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/background_material_light = 0x7f060021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/androidx_core_ripple_material_light = 0x7f06001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.NoActionBar = 0x7f120278
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_tint_spinner = 0x7f060017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_month_labeled = 0x7f0d0052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_left_arrow = 0x7f080098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_tint_btn_checkable = 0x7f060013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary95 = 0x7f06025b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_search_url_text_selected = 0x7f060010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Day = 0x7f120194
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiErrorMessageTextStyle = 0x7f0404b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_search_url_text = 0x7f06000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_elevated_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_primary_text_material_dark = 0x7f06000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_primary_dark = 0x7f06004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_55ssp = 0x7f070230
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_audio_generic = 0x7f080121
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light = 0x7f060001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundTint = 0x7f040050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenu.Overflow = 0x7f1200ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_container_shape = 0x7f0e002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_backwardTransition = 0x7f0400a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/checkedTextView = 0x7f0a00a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark = 0x7f060000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxStrokeWidthFocused = 0x7f040088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/workmanager_test_configuration = 0x7f050008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/enable_system_foreground_service_default = 0x7f050003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_error_container = 0x7f060289
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_197sdp = 0x7f070074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/enable_system_alarm_service_default = 0x7f050002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps = 0x7f050001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_529sdp = 0x7f07020a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowMinWidthMinor = 0x7f040888
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/helperTextTextColor = 0x7f040216
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowMinWidthMajor = 0x7f040887
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e004f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_card_anim_duration_ms = 0x7f0b000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowActionModeOverlay = 0x7f040882
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$avd_show_password__1 = 0x7f080004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_delete = 0x7f080119
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral30 = 0x7f0600ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textOutlineColor = 0x7f040811
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Button.Colored = 0x7f12034e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_outline_variant = 0x7f0601e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontDateSeparator = 0x7f040689
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/call_notification_ongoing_text = 0x7f110029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_color = 0x7f0e010a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_title = 0x7f110082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f01000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/wavePhase = 0x7f04087d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_icon_color = 0x7f0e013c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarTextStyle = 0x7f04045c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentOptionTextStyle = 0x7f040418
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionMenuTextColor = 0x7f040011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextSizeMine = 0x7f04065e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickColorInactive = 0x7f04082d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/wavePeriod = 0x7f04087c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleCentered = 0x7f040838
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionsBackgroundColor = 0x7f0405db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/permissionx_system_alert_window = 0x7f1100a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x2 = 0x7f070503
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/values = 0x7f04086f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorPrimarySurface = 0x7f040119
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_error_message_length = 0x7f1100e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_container_width = 0x7f070436
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/triggerSlack = 0x7f040869
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/keyboardIcon = 0x7f040262
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_path_unchecked = 0x7f110065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiThreadsEnabled = 0x7f040771
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral12 = 0x7f0600a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTextFont = 0x7f040739
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_342sdp = 0x7f070127
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_17sdp = 0x7f07005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextColorMine = 0x7f040658
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiWarningMessageOptionsTextFont = 0x7f04079f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/endToStart = 0x7f0a0117
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/triggerId = 0x7f040867
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackTint = 0x7f04085f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.HeadlineMedium = 0x7f120244
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_firstVerticalBias = 0x7f0401ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Icon = 0x7f120108
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_attachment_permission_file = 0x7f0800f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/panelBackground = 0x7f040368
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color = 0x7f060036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsButtonIconDrawable = 0x7f040546
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderOfflineLabelTextFont = 0x7f040621
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_pin_indicator_icon_size = 0x7f070692
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackDecorationTintMode = 0x7f04085a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ViewReactionsView = 0x7f1300b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackColor = 0x7f040854
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_269sdp = 0x7f0700cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyShuffleButtonTextSize = 0x7f0404f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_month_subhead_color = 0x7f0e001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_171sdp = 0x7f070056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.ThemeOverlay.Material3.Dialog = 0x7f120082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dismissInputModeButton = 0x7f0a00f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_163sdp = 0x7f07004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textWatcher = 0x7f0a02f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/topInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f04084f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_secondary_navigation_tab_with_icon_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e0102
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/toolbarSurfaceStyle = 0x7f04084a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary80 = 0x7f060151
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/toolbarStyle = 0x7f040849
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_low_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0705b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_surface_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06027d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/toolbarNavigationButtonStyle = 0x7f040848
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CheckedTextView = 0x7f120462
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/toolbarId = 0x7f040847
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/theme = 0x7f04081a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titlePositionInterpolator = 0x7f040841
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary30 = 0x7f06014c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerSize = 0x7f040152
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleMargin = 0x7f04083b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_sheet_side_docked_standard_container_elevation = 0x7f070478
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/topPanel = 0x7f0a030f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleCollapseMode = 0x7f040839
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.Material3.SideSheetDialog.Right = 0x7f120009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Day.Selected = 0x7f1203f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/src_in = 0x7f0a02c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_floating_window_z = 0x7f070327
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ic_notification = 0x7f06030c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_choice_chip_text_color = 0x7f0602d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceButton = 0x7f0407df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/navigation_bar_item_large_label_view = 0x7f0a0208
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tintMode = 0x7f040835
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_suggestion_max_height = 0x7f0706c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerReplyModeIconDrawable = 0x7f040601
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickVisible = 0x7f040833
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingTopNoTitle = 0x7f040366
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_fitToContents = 0x7f04006b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoShowKeyboard = 0x7f04003f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickMarkTintMode = 0x7f040830
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbTrackGapSize = 0x7f040829
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbTintMode = 0x7f040828
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary90 = 0x7f06024d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.PersonalizedColors = 0x7f12030b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbIcon = 0x7f04081f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxStrokeWidth = 0x7f040087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbColor = 0x7f04081c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsDateSeparator = 0x7f04067a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textPanY = 0x7f040814
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_fade_out = 0x7f010001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline4 = 0x7f0407e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_145sdp = 0x7f070036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textPanX = 0x7f040813
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/circularflow_radiusInDP = 0x7f0400d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Toolbar.Primary = 0x7f12033d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textOutlineThickness = 0x7f040812
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textInputFilledStyle = 0x7f04080a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120449
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textInputFilledDenseStyle = 0x7f040808
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textBackgroundRotate = 0x7f040802
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_copy = 0x7f080118
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceTitleSmall = 0x7f0407fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceTitleMedium = 0x7f0407fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_calendar_item_stroke_color = 0x7f0602c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_creator = 0x7f040276
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_disabled_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e00d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceSubtitle1 = 0x7f0407fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transitionImageView = 0x7f0a0314
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_46ssp = 0x7f0701c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_tertiary_fixed = 0x7f0601d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonIconTintMode = 0x7f040094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SearchView = 0x7f12041f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceListItemSmall = 0x7f0407f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.Dark = 0x7f120142
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_lastHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_tint_default = 0x7f060014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_error = 0x7f060221
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconPaddingEnd = 0x7f040535
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textSpacerNoButtons = 0x7f0a02ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerRecentFilesTextColor = 0x7f040579
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/singleChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f0403ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_max_width = 0x7f070373
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_default_trailing_content = 0x7f0d00cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07049e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText.Inverse = 0x7f1200e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar = 0x7f120103
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral50 = 0x7f060114
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/waveOffset = 0x7f04087b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/visibilityMode = 0x7f040877
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextStyleTheirs = 0x7f040600
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingSlideToCancelTextColor = 0x7f0405a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarSize = 0x7f040005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_7sdp = 0x7f07028e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_black = 0x7f06031d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyStrokeColorMine = 0x7f040654
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline5 = 0x7f0407e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton.Icon = 0x7f120458
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayUserReactionsMarginEnd = 0x7f0406d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_expand_motion_spec = 0x7f02001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_144sdp = 0x7f070035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f0600dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_clockface_view = 0x7f0d003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceHeadline3 = 0x7f0407e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary60 = 0x7f0600f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphySendButtonTextSize = 0x7f0404ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFont = 0x7f040677
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceDisplaySmall = 0x7f0407e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceBodySmall = 0x7f0407de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPauseIconDrawable = 0x7f04042d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceBodyMedium = 0x7f0407dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/mock_labelColor = 0x7f040318
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceBody2 = 0x7f0407db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyStrokeColorTheirs = 0x7f0405f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_chip_background_color = 0x7f060078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceBody1 = 0x7f0407da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_attachment_cancel_background = 0x7f0800f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f0405dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_label_square_side = 0x7f0705e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_padding_bottom = 0x7f070374
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/telltales_velocityMode = 0x7f0407d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f12042c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error100 = 0x7f0600fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabTextAppearance = 0x7f0407d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.NavigationView = 0x7f12030a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/closeIconEnabled = 0x7f0400e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_label_text_type = 0x7f0e015f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabPaddingStart = 0x7f0407cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentPaddingTop = 0x7f040146
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialCheckBoxStates = 0x7f130061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabPaddingEnd = 0x7f0407ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/closeItemLayout = 0x7f0400e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabInlineLabel = 0x7f0407c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUserReactionsTitleTextFontAssets = 0x7f04079a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_261sdp = 0x7f0700c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_mic_locked = 0x7f080146
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxWidth = 0x7f04030a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e00df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/upDuration = 0x7f04086b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIndicatorGravity = 0x7f0407c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary50 = 0x7f060263
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_100ssp = 0x7f070001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/alertDialogStyle = 0x7f04002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabContentStart = 0x7f0407b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemTextAppearance = 0x7f04025b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant80 = 0x7f0600cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceContainerHighest = 0x7f040124
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/switchStyle = 0x7f0407b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox = 0x7f120448
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_69sdp = 0x7f070276
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/switchMinWidth = 0x7f0407b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_on_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_unselected_hover_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0169
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f070564
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/suffixTextColor = 0x7f0407b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyQueryTextStyle = 0x7f0404e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoSizeMinTextSize = 0x7f040041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_media_action = 0x7f0d0068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchview_divider_size = 0x7f0704da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subtitleTextStyle = 0x7f0407af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120112
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.NavigationRailView.Compact = 0x7f120492
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subtitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0407ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subtitleCentered = 0x7f0407ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_elevation = 0x7f0703bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_dialog_container_shape = 0x7f0e0023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsViewInfoIcon = 0x7f04047b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subheaderTextAppearance = 0x7f0407a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Suffix = 0x7f12022a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_358sdp = 0x7f070139
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/strokeWidth = 0x7f0407a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableTintMode = 0x7f04018f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_btn_bg_color_selector = 0x7f0602be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiGalleryAvatarStyle = 0x7f1201d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowActionBarOverlay = 0x7f040881
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_78sdp = 0x7f07028a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_bottom = 0x7f07039c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiValidTheme = 0x7f04079d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_top = 0x7f070530
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f06033d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/activity_splash = 0x7f0d001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_label_tint = 0x7f06009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUserReactionsTitleTextColor = 0x7f040798
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackTintMode = 0x7f040860
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary_container = 0x7f060177
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerProgressBarHeight = 0x7f04043b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentTitleFontAssets = 0x7f040792
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentStrokeWidth = 0x7f040791
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary40 = 0x7f060140
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_appbar_elevation = 0x7f070356
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant30 = 0x7f0600c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentCornerRadius = 0x7f04078f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppCompatTextView = 0x7f130011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiNewMessagesBehaviour = 0x7f0406be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsTitleIconDrawableTintColor = 0x7f0405b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentBackgroundColor = 0x7f04078e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_goneMarginLeft = 0x7f0402a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadSeparatorTextColor = 0x7f040789
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerAudioFileIconDrawable = 0x7f04041b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_132sdp = 0x7f070027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_total_width = 0x7f07066d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconTint = 0x7f040523
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/radioButtonStyle = 0x7f04038e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadMessageCounterTextStyle = 0x7f040787
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.NavigationRailView = 0x7f120413
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_209sdp = 0x7f070084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/passwordToggleTintMode = 0x7f04036f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadMessageCounterBackgroundColor = 0x7f040782
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_dragged_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07041d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/layout = 0x7f0a018f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_56sdp = 0x7f07023b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadLabelButtonTextSize = 0x7f040780
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadLabelButtonTextFont = 0x7f04077f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/hint_pressed_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070391
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceLargePopupMenu = 0x7f0407f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadLabelButtonFontAssets = 0x7f04077c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadLabelButtonColor = 0x7f04077a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_disabled_alpha_material_light = 0x7f070320
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/coordinatorLayoutStyle = 0x7f04014a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessButtonTextColor = 0x7f04054a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12029f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f070371
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiTypingIndicatorView = 0x7f040778
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_close_white = 0x7f080113
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialDivider = 0x7f12048e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedTextViewStyle = 0x7f0400bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Choice = 0x7f120464
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiTypingIndicatorUsersTextColor = 0x7f040773
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_clear_black_24 = 0x7f080093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_black_85 = 0x7f06031f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_black = 0x7f0600a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_card_container_shape = 0x7f0e0047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_high_type = 0x7f060279
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiThreadAvatarStyle = 0x7f04076e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiWarningMessageOptionsTextSize = 0x7f0407a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackInsideCornerSize = 0x7f04085c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_98ssp = 0x7f0702b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0d005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_bubble_radius = 0x7f0706ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_chat_error_notification_group_summary_content_text = 0x7f1100ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_toolbar_default_height = 0x7f0705fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationExtraLong1 = 0x7f04031c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f06015d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSystemMessageTextFontAssets = 0x7f04076a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/navigationContentDescription = 0x7f04034a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSystemMessageTextFont = 0x7f040769
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialButtonStyle = 0x7f0402d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.ImageButton.ShapeAppearance = 0x7f1204b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSystemMessageTextColor = 0x7f040768
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_threads_footnote = 0x7f0d00d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/grantPermissionsContainer = 0x7f0a0151
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/transitionEasing = 0x7f040863
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_547sdp = 0x7f070220
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customFloatValue = 0x7f040166
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSingleReactionBubbleColorTheirs = 0x7f040761
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f12013c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_199sdp = 0x7f070076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_30ssp = 0x7f070100
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/status_bar_notification_info_maxnum = 0x7f0b0043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarOnlineIndicatorColor = 0x7f040454
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOfflineProgressBarTint = 0x7f0406bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_230sdp = 0x7f07009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnContainer = 0x7f0400fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiShowReactionsForUnsentMessages = 0x7f04075a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V7.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ViewPager2 = 0x7f1300b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeRadius = 0x7f040054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReplyIcon = 0x7f0406fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_71ssp = 0x7f07027d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hideOnContentScroll = 0x7f04021a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/overlay = 0x7f04035e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_assist_chip_icon_tint_color = 0x7f060068
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/labelBehavior = 0x7f040265
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSenderNameTextSize = 0x7f040752
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSenderNameTextColor = 0x7f04074f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ConstraintOverride = 0x7f130033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_delete_confirmation_message = 0x7f11010b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/all = 0x7f0a004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/displayOptions = 0x7f04017b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_19 = 0x7f0a001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity = 0x7f070393
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_searchview_description_submit = 0x7f110016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListViewStyle = 0x7f04074e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ColorStateListItem = 0x7f13002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontVariationSettings = 0x7f040205
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemTextAppearanceActive = 0x7f04025c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/deleteMessage = 0x7f0a00e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/titleTextView = 0x7f0a0309
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_variant = 0x7f0601f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/TextInputLayout = 0x7f1300a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Panel = 0x7f120015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSearchInfoBarTextStyle = 0x7f040748
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTimeTextFont = 0x7f0406b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationMedium1 = 0x7f040324
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOnlineTitleTextSize = 0x7f0406c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListProgressBarIcon = 0x7f040742
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_15sdp = 0x7f070047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTimeTextColor = 0x7f04073d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTextStyle = 0x7f04073c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTextColor = 0x7f040738
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingButtonPadding = 0x7f04058d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_550sdp = 0x7f070225
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/BOTTOM_END = 0x7f0a0001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_text_primary_inverse = 0x7f0602ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_553sdp = 0x7f070228
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListEmptyStateTextSize = 0x7f040736
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_switch_track_decoration_tint = 0x7f0602e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/verticalOffset = 0x7f040870
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_calendar_day_selector_frame = 0x7f0a01ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionStagger = 0x7f040344
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListEmptyStateTextColor = 0x7f040733
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsItemTextStyle = 0x7f04046d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyShuffleButtonTextStyle = 0x7f0404f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/liftOnScrollTargetViewId = 0x7f0402b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/fragment_fade_enter = 0x7f020005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListEmptyStateIcon = 0x7f040732
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_10sdp = 0x7f07000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResulListItemTitleMarginStart = 0x7f04072d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewTextSize = 0x7f040728
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewTextMarginStart = 0x7f040727
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/lastMessageLabel = 0x7f0a018d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewTextMarginEnd = 0x7f040726
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__1 = 0x7f08001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_appbar_expanded_title_margin_horizontal = 0x7f07039d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewStyle = 0x7f040724
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageIndicatorTextSize = 0x7f0406de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewIconSearchWidth = 0x7f040722
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary = 0x7f0601c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeReadCounter = 0x7f0406a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedTitleMargin = 0x7f0401bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewIconSearchHeight = 0x7f040720
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.UnelevatedButton.Icon = 0x7f120460
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_surface = 0x7f060188
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewIconClearWidth = 0x7f04071f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MaterialCalendarItem = 0x7f13005e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_error = 0x7f060288
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_video_generic = 0x7f080135
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/toggleCheckedStateOnClick = 0x7f040846
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_elevated_card_container_shape = 0x7f0e002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewIconClearMarginEnd = 0x7f04071e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewHintText = 0x7f04071c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconDrawablePaddingEnd = 0x7f0405ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_surface = 0x7f060051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/switch_thumb_normal_material_dark = 0x7f060341
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_efab_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f06008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/material_ic_clear_black_24dp = 0x7f0800b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewHintColor = 0x7f04071b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewContainerBackground = 0x7f040719
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleLinkLabel = 0x7f0406ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/noState = 0x7f0a0211
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewClearInputIcon = 0x7f040718
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary90 = 0x7f060145
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/viewTransitionMode = 0x7f040873
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedIconSize = 0x7f0400b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_icon_size = 0x7f07040a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentPadding = 0x7f040140
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonEnabled = 0x7f040710
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_mode_close_button = 0x7f0a0044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/cardview_shadow_start_color = 0x7f060035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingStandard = 0x7f040334
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_mode_reply = 0x7f1100f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus25sdp = 0x7f0702cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListStyle = 0x7f040639
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEffect_translationX = 0x7f04033d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark = 0x7f060009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationShort3 = 0x7f04032a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonColor = 0x7f04070e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_content_margin_start = 0x7f070607
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeTextColor = 0x7f040709
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material = 0x7f070303
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.FilledBox = 0x7f120430
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorTertiaryFixed = 0x7f04012d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/give_us_a_review_landmine_text_1 = 0x7f0a014e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_box_stroke_color = 0x7f060037
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/navigationMode = 0x7f04034d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentOptionTextColor = 0x7f040414
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorThreadSeparator = 0x7f040675
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/icon = 0x7f040225
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/extendMotionSpec = 0x7f0401c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeIcon = 0x7f040708
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaAttachmentNoMediaText = 0x7f04056f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_398sdp = 0x7f070169
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeFontAssets = 0x7f040706
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageTextColor = 0x7f04050a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error20 = 0x7f0600ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiShowOfflineProgressBar = 0x7f040759
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyle = 0x7f0406a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_btn_unelevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f020016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult = 0x7f120029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_large_headline_type = 0x7f0e016c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUserReactionsTitleTextFont = 0x7f040799
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeElevation = 0x7f040705
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary99 = 0x7f0600fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomNavigationView = 0x7f1203a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_161sdp = 0x7f07004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedTitleMarginStart = 0x7f0401be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReplyEnabled = 0x7f0406fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListStyle = 0x7f0406f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f1202c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTextSize = 0x7f0406e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mentionsIcon = 0x7f0a01ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTextFont = 0x7f0406e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageIndicatorTextFont = 0x7f0406dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageIndicatorTextColor = 0x7f0406db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f13003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReactionsBubbleBorderColorTheirs = 0x7f040649
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral10 = 0x7f06022a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark = 0x7f06002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageBackgroundColor = 0x7f0406d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageText = 0x7f0a01dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f12004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary100 = 0x7f06025f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/background_material_dark = 0x7f060020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinMessageEnabled = 0x7f0406d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_secondary = 0x7f0601ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbElevation = 0x7f04081d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_349sdp = 0x7f07012e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayUserReactionsMarginStart = 0x7f0406d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_outline_variant = 0x7f060195
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOnlineTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0406c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOnlineTitleTextFont = 0x7f0406c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOnlineTitleTextColor = 0x7f0406c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_permission_audio_record_message = 0x7f1100f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/minSeparation = 0x7f040312
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOnlineTitleFontAssets = 0x7f0406c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOfflineTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0406c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/transformPivotTarget = 0x7f040861
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_102sdp = 0x7f070003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOfflineTitleTextSize = 0x7f0406c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawerLayoutCornerSize = 0x7f040192
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOfflineTitleTextFont = 0x7f0406c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOfflineTitleTextColor = 0x7f0406c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeTextFont = 0x7f04070a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_131sdp = 0x7f070026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_inactive_label_text_color = 0x7f0e009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_popupmenu_overlay_color = 0x7f0600a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleUserName = 0x7f0406b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_checked_box_inner_merged_animation = 0x7f01000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonLargePrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleThreadSeparator = 0x7f0406b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleReadCounter = 0x7f0406b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSwipeEnabled = 0x7f040766
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_291sdp = 0x7f0700e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_bar_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleMessageDeleted = 0x7f0406ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f0602b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_search_input_clear_icon_content_description = 0x7f110148
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/counterMaxLength = 0x7f040158
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleLinkTitle = 0x7f0406ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_reply = 0x7f1100c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentPaddingStart = 0x7f040145
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleDateSeparator = 0x7f0406a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeleteOptionIcon = 0x7f04049e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/emptyLabel = 0x7f0a0112
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/select_dialog_multichoice_material = 0x7f0d0079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/count_new_messages = 0x7f0a00cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_full_screen_header_container_height = 0x7f07046d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessButtonTextFont = 0x7f04054b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeUserName = 0x7f0406a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f120333
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingSlideToCancelTextFont = 0x7f0405a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/threadRepliesButton = 0x7f0a02fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_597sdp = 0x7f07025c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.ActionBar.Surface = 0x7f120443
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeThreadCounter = 0x7f0406a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.NavigationRail.Container.Shape = 0x7f120163
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_item_height = 0x7f070652
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeTheirs = 0x7f0406a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnPrimaryFixed = 0x7f040103
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeMessageDeleted = 0x7f04069e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeLinkTitle = 0x7f04069d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_high = 0x7f06017b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/search_menu_title = 0x7f1100a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderTitleFontAssets = 0x7f040630
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_unchecked_checked__0 = 0x7f08001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsDate = 0x7f040679
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeLinkLabel = 0x7f04069c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_238sdp = 0x7f0700a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSize = 0x7f040697
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.CompoundButton.CheckBox = 0x7f1200d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_deep_teal_500 = 0x7f06021f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontThreadSeparator = 0x7f040695
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoLengthTextFontAssets = 0x7f040584
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontMine = 0x7f040691
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_trailing_content_button_record_audio_padding = 0x7f070688
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_config_prefDialogWidth = 0x7f07030f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabRippleColor = 0x7f0407cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary80 = 0x7f060144
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/activity_chat_list = 0x7f0d001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/warmth = 0x7f040879
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsTheirs = 0x7f040684
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsReadCounter = 0x7f040683
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_max_width = 0x7f0703d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsMessageDeletedTheirs = 0x7f040681
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_hover_label_text_color = 0x7f0e008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary70 = 0x7f06024b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/quantizeMotionInterpolator = 0x7f040388
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorThreadCounter = 0x7f040674
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_7ssp = 0x7f07028f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_divider_thickness = 0x7f0703ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextFontAssetsMine = 0x7f0405f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_floating_hold_height = 0x7f07067d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAlsoSendToChannelCheckboxText = 0x7f04053f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f080023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorLinkLabel = 0x7f04066c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_tabs_legacy_text_color_selector = 0x7f0602ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/item_touch_helper_previous_elevation = 0x7f0a0182
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/cardview_dark_background = 0x7f060032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorDateSeparator = 0x7f040669
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorDate = 0x7f040668
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/activity_chooser_view_content = 0x7f0a0047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedTitleMarginBottom = 0x7f0401bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColor = 0x7f040667
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsDeleteConversationEnabled = 0x7f040465
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_mute = 0x7f080148
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputTextStyle = 0x7f0405e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageStartMargin = 0x7f040662
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabPadding = 0x7f0407c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Light.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f120277
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar = 0x7f1200de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextStyleTheirs = 0x7f040661
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextSizeTheirs = 0x7f04065f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_324sdp = 0x7f070111
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/iconEndPadding = 0x7f040226
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_error_container = 0x7f0601ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_video = 0x7f080162
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_icon_size = 0x7f070443
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary = 0x7f060196
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/searchInfoBar = 0x7f0a0292
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextFontTheirs = 0x7f04065d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_tertiary_container = 0x7f0601c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_suggestion_chip_container_shape = 0x7f0e0117
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_dialog_btn_spacing = 0x7f0703c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_237sdp = 0x7f0700a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextColorTheirs = 0x7f040659
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyStrokeWidthMine = 0x7f040656
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyStrokeColorTheirs = 0x7f040655
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_583sdp = 0x7f07024c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyLinkColorTheirs = 0x7f040653
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/path_password_strike_through = 0x7f11009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintVertical_chainStyle = 0x7f04029b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyLinkBackgroundColorMine = 0x7f040650
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyBackgroundColorMine = 0x7f04064e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/photoView = 0x7f0a0247
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_shape_vertical_margin = 0x7f0705c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_card_disabled_outline_opacity = 0x7f070449
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/linearProgressIndicatorStyle = 0x7f0402ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReactionsBubbleColorMine = 0x7f04064c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/withText = 0x7f0a034c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_secondary = 0x7f06016c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReactionsBubbleBorderWidthTheirs = 0x7f04064b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/text_input_error_icon = 0x7f0a02f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsTextSize = 0x7f040644
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/round_rect = 0x7f0a027f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Design.NoActionBar = 0x7f12027f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0704ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceOverline = 0x7f0407f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_a11y_next_month = 0x7f11006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsTextFontAssets = 0x7f040643
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionBackgroundColor = 0x7f04063e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_speed_text_size = 0x7f07063b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_460sdp = 0x7f0701b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleMessageDeletedMine = 0x7f0406af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_inactive_focus_label_text_color = 0x7f0e006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0404c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyQueryTextFontAssets = 0x7f0404e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_366sdp = 0x7f070143
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListMediaAttachmentStyle = 0x7f040638
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.PopupMenu.Small = 0x7f120214
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_item_active_indicator_height = 0x7f0704c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cardMaxElevation = 0x7f04009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_124sdp = 0x7f07001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_x1 = 0x7f070502
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f120348
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderTitleTextFont = 0x7f040632
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderTitleTextColor = 0x7f040631
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_elevation_small = 0x7f070670
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderShowSearchingForNetworkProgressBar = 0x7f04062d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_track_color = 0x7f0e013e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Comp.Badge.Large.Shape = 0x7f12015a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/chatMessagesRV = 0x7f0a00a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderSearchingForNetworkProgressBarTint = 0x7f040629
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/circularflow_viewCenter = 0x7f0400d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_101sdp = 0x7f070002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_text_button_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0142
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentReplyEnabled = 0x7f04041a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f060121
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedIconTint = 0x7f0400ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_wrapBehaviorInParent = 0x7f0402b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderOfflineLabelFontAssets = 0x7f04061f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:xml/log_file_paths = 0x7f140002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderDefaultLabelTextColor = 0x7f04061b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderDefaultLabelFontAssets = 0x7f04061a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderBackground = 0x7f040619
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderAvatarStyle = 0x7f040616
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_padding_left = 0x7f07055e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListAudioRecordPlayerViewStyleTheirs = 0x7f040613
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_button_text_color = 0x7f060211
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_tertiary_fixed_dim = 0x7f060200
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/enable_system_job_service_default = 0x7f050004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemUsernameTextSize = 0x7f0405d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dayInvalidStyle = 0x7f04016c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyShuffleButtonTextColor = 0x7f0404ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_231sdp = 0x7f0700a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface = 0x7f06019a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageEndMargin = 0x7f04060d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_flag_confirmation_title = 0x7f110121
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerViewStyle = 0x7f04060c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_215sdp = 0x7f07008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ConstraintLayout_placeholder = 0x7f130032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_14ssp = 0x7f07003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEmptyStateView = 0x7f0404b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerShowMessageReplyView = 0x7f04060b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_dark_default_color_error = 0x7f060039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_searchview_description_search = 0x7f110015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_tab_indicator_material = 0x7f080070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_elevated_dragged_z = 0x7f0703df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fastScrollVerticalTrackDrawable = 0x7f0401d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_error = 0x7f0601ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f0600c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerFamilyBottomLeft = 0x7f04014d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageStrokeColorTheirs = 0x7f040664
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextStyleMine = 0x7f0405ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dismissButton = 0x7f0a00f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSenderNameTextStyle = 0x7f04074d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextSizeTheirs = 0x7f0405fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_1 = 0x7f0a0011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_ripple_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0704cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsUserName = 0x7f040687
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_slider_active_track_color = 0x7f0602b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_138sdp = 0x7f07002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_lifted = 0x7f0403f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/streamUiQuotedFileAttachmentViewHeight = 0x7f070613
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextColorTheirs = 0x7f0405f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cardForegroundColor = 0x7f04009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentsTabEnabled = 0x7f04056c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyTextColorMine = 0x7f0405f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_height = 0x7f0704a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_71sdp = 0x7f07027c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_shape_corner_size_medium_component = 0x7f0705db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconDrawablePaddingTop = 0x7f0405ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIndicatorColor = 0x7f0407c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingHoldToRecordBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f040599
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconDrawablePaddingStart = 0x7f0405ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconDrawablePaddingBottom = 0x7f0405eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_514sdp = 0x7f0701f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageMaxWidthFactorMine = 0x7f04063c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputHintColor = 0x7f0405e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0e008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSecondaryFixedDim = 0x7f04011e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant70 = 0x7f06023e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/show_password_duration = 0x7f0b0042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/inputModeHeaderContainer = 0x7f0a0178
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_alert_dialog_picker_background_inset = 0x7f070542
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemMentionTextSize = 0x7f0405d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V23.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_531sdp = 0x7f07020e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/stackFromEnd = 0x7f0403e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowFixedWidthMinor = 0x7f040886
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/PinnedMessageListView = 0x7f130083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerProgressBarDrawableTint = 0x7f04043a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_22 = 0x7f0a001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.Chip = 0x7f120191
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEffect_alpha = 0x7f040338
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_highlight = 0x7f06032a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCooldownTimerTextSize = 0x7f0405c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorLinkDescription = 0x7f04066b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textBackgroundPanX = 0x7f040800
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandsButtonVisible = 0x7f0405c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015 = 0x7f080039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_tertiary_container = 0x7f060182
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_137sdp = 0x7f07002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_label_text_type = 0x7f0e009f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.DialogTitle.Icon = 0x7f12014b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/numericModifiers = 0x7f040354
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFlagMessageEnabled = 0x7f0404c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbIconTint = 0x7f040821
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CircularProgressIndicator.Small = 0x7f1203d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMarkAsUnreadOptionIcon = 0x7f040513
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/coplanarSiblingViewId = 0x7f04014b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandNameTextFont = 0x7f0405b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_shape_command_background = 0x7f08016f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingSlideToCancelText = 0x7f0405a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_surface_stroke = 0x7f06027e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionBar.Subtitle = 0x7f120034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat = 0x7f120017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingHoldToRecordTextFont = 0x7f04059d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorPrimaryVariant = 0x7f04011a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_dialog_container_color = 0x7f0e0022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingFloatingLockedIconDrawable = 0x7f040597
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.CloseButton = 0x7f1201a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingButtonHeight = 0x7f04058a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_action_icon_size = 0x7f070604
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoLengthTextSize = 0x7f040585
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeTheme = 0x7f04001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssets = 0x7f040678
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/alertDialogTheme = 0x7f04002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoIconDrawableTint = 0x7f040580
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconPaddingBottom = 0x7f04051f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderTitleTextSize = 0x7f040633
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxActionInlineWidth = 0x7f040302
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerSubmitAttachmentsButtonIconDrawable = 0x7f04057e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelLarge = 0x7f120235
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentsNoFilesTextFontAssets = 0x7f040569
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_keyline = 0x7f0402ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown = 0x7f120152
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f0600e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_236sdp = 0x7f0700a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentTitleFontAssets = 0x7f0404c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsTitleTextFontAssets = 0x7f0405bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hideAnimationBehavior = 0x7f040217
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSuggestionListViewMentionAvatarStyle = 0x7f040764
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaAttachmentNoMediaTextStyle = 0x7f040574
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaAttachmentNoMediaTextFontAssets = 0x7f040572
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentPaddingLeft = 0x7f040143
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012 = 0x7f08003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingHoldToRecordBackgroundDrawableTint = 0x7f04059a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsBackgroundColor = 0x7f0405b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/deltaPolarRadius = 0x7f040176
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListSenderNameTextStyle = 0x7f0406f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0704e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_start_icon_margin_end = 0x7f0705fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/fastscroll_minimum_range = 0x7f07038a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentsNoFilesTextSize = 0x7f04056a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaAttachmentGridView = 0x7f0a01bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReactionsBubbleBorderWidthMine = 0x7f04064a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontTheirs = 0x7f040693
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_8ssp = 0x7f0702a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus56sdp = 0x7f0702ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemSizeTextStyle = 0x7f040565
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textEnd = 0x7f0a02ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemSizeTextFontAssets = 0x7f040563
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.SearchBar = 0x7f12018d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120253
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/iconTintMode = 0x7f04022c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_btn_text_color_disabled = 0x7f0602c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.LabelLarge = 0x7f120246
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_flat_outline_width = 0x7f0703f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_ab_back_material = 0x7f080042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ChannelListView = 0x7f1201b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/permissionx_manage_external_storage = 0x7f1100a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_focus_icon_color = 0x7f0e0078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemCheckboxTextColor = 0x7f04055b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dependency_ordering = 0x7f0a00e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Chip.Filter = 0x7f120466
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/staggered = 0x7f0403e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentInsetRight = 0x7f04013d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsButtonVisible = 0x7f040549
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPaddingTop = 0x7f04042c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/PermissionXDefaultDialog = 0x7f12013a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Badge.AdjustToBounds = 0x7f12039d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_8 = 0x7f0a002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/verticalOffsetWithText = 0x7f040871
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerCameraAttachmentsTabEnabled = 0x7f040557
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_m3_chip_close = 0x7f08009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingDecelerated = 0x7f04032d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_selected = 0x7f110073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTimeTextColor = 0x7f0406e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e00c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderLayout = 0x7f0402e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_73ssp = 0x7f070281
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/allStates = 0x7f0a004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessToFilesIconDrawable = 0x7f040552
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constrainedWidth = 0x7f040275
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionDropDownStyle = 0x7f04000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scrollActionButton = 0x7f0a028a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxNumber = 0x7f040308
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/startIconCheckable = 0x7f0403e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12028f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.MentionList = 0x7f1201b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_btn_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_input_text_color = 0x7f0e00e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAlsoSendToChannelCheckboxVisible = 0x7f040545
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAlsoSendToChannelCheckboxTextStyle = 0x7f040544
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_276sdp = 0x7f0700d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabCustomSize = 0x7f0401d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/stream_post_notifications_permission = 0x7f0a02d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionLayout = 0x7f04000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f1200a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/commitIcon = 0x7f04012f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_error_leave_channel = 0x7f1100d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/nestedScrollable = 0x7f040352
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_textinput_default_width = 0x7f070539
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTimeTextSize = 0x7f040740
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/circularflow_angles = 0x7f0400d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoButtonIcon = 0x7f04051a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate = 0x7f0800bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandDescriptionText = 0x7f0405aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconPaddingStart = 0x7f040536
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:plurals/stream_ui_message_list_thread_reply = 0x7f100005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_322sdp = 0x7f07010f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconPaddingBottom = 0x7f040534
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerWaveBarColorPlayed = 0x7f04044d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchview_elevation = 0x7f0704db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconCornerRadius = 0x7f040531
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/pathRelative = 0x7f0a0240
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentMoreCountTextSize = 0x7f04052b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_tonal_button_ripple_color_selector = 0x7f060219
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f060248
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Year.Today = 0x7f120406
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.LabelMedium = 0x7f120236
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dragScale = 0x7f040185
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerScrubberWidthDefault = 0x7f04043f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentMoreCountTextColor = 0x7f040529
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/logo = 0x7f0402ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/bottomSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f04007b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_small_tail_bubble_radius = 0x7f0706bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f06022c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Medium = 0x7f120177
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentMoreCountOverlayColor = 0x7f040528
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentMediaPreviewBackgroundColor = 0x7f040526
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/minHeight = 0x7f040310
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarSplitStyle = 0x7f040006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandDescriptionTextStyle = 0x7f0405af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/footerContent = 0x7f0a013a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_radiobutton_ripple_tint = 0x7f0600a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconPaddingStart = 0x7f040521
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_media_attachment_preview = 0x7f0d00bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/lStar = 0x7f040264
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUIScrollButtonInternalMargin = 0x7f0403f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoLengthTextVisible = 0x7f040587
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_72ssp = 0x7f07027f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.Light = 0x7f120300
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconPaddingEnd = 0x7f040520
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/transition_current_scene = 0x7f0a0318
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/indicatorDirectionLinear = 0x7f040239
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconElevation = 0x7f04051d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_display_4_material = 0x7f07033e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_major = 0x7f070316
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f06012c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLoadingMoreView = 0x7f040510
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentPaddingBottom = 0x7f040141
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/design_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f020001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorPrimaryFixed = 0x7f040116
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action0 = 0x7f0a0030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewPlayVideoIconBackgroundColor = 0x7f04051b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_cab_background_top_material = 0x7f08003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.SeekBar = 0x7f12037e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelVerticalSpacerPosition = 0x7f040495
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_tint = 0x7f0602db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_odt = 0x7f08012d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberInfoTextSize = 0x7f040473
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadSeparatorTextFont = 0x7f04078a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemIconTint = 0x7f04024a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaActivityHeaderLeftActionButtonStyle = 0x7f040515
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaActivityHeader = 0x7f040514
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_tertiary = 0x7f060192
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Full = 0x7f12016e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_header_selection_text = 0x7f0a01fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMarkAsUnreadEnabled = 0x7f040512
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light = 0x7f1202bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarPopupTheme = 0x7f040004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleTextAppearance = 0x7f040842
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/matrix = 0x7f0a01bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingButtonIconTintList = 0x7f04058c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDebug = 0x7f04031b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageDateTextStyle = 0x7f040508
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear = 0x7f0c000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Snackbar.TextView = 0x7f12049e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_448sdp = 0x7f0701a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_skipCollapsed = 0x7f040072
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIndicatorSentIcon = 0x7f040503
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/font = 0x7f0401fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedIconEnabled = 0x7f0400b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIndicatorPendingSyncIcon = 0x7f040501
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIconIndicatorPendingSync = 0x7f0404fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_28ssp = 0x7f0700e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIconFailedIndicator = 0x7f0404fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_462sdp = 0x7f0701b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_switch_track_tint = 0x7f060160
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/sdp_example = 0x7f0d0077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/simpleItemSelectedColor = 0x7f0403cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentProgressIcon = 0x7f0404e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGroupAvatarTextSize = 0x7f0404f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface = 0x7f0601bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeCutDrawable = 0x7f040017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f070501
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorReadCounter = 0x7f040672
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_388sdp = 0x7f07015d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCooldownTimerTextStyle = 0x7f0405c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLoadMoreThreshold = 0x7f04050f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReplyTextFontAssetsMine = 0x7f04065a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral60 = 0x7f060116
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_delete_message = 0x7f11010f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$avd_hide_password__1 = 0x7f080001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_263sdp = 0x7f0700c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyShuffleButtonTextFont = 0x7f0404ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_17 = 0x7f0a0019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f070566
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light = 0x7f120060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customNavigationLayout = 0x7f040168
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphySendButtonTextFont = 0x7f0404ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/audioRecordingsContainer = 0x7f0a0065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_padding_top = 0x7f0703b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiThreadMessagesStart = 0x7f04076f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyQueryTextSize = 0x7f0404e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionProviderClass = 0x7f040023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/mock_showLabel = 0x7f04031a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textureHeight = 0x7f040818
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSingleReactionBubbleOrientation = 0x7f040762
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarItemBackground = 0x7f040003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundOverlayColorAlpha = 0x7f04004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleMessageDeletedTheirs = 0x7f0406b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_grey = 0x7f060327
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerProgressBarWidth = 0x7f04043c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentWidth = 0x7f0404e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessToMediaButtonText = 0x7f040553
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentPlaceHolderIcon = 0x7f0404df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary_container = 0x7f0601e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_pressed_checked = 0x7f0800d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_310sdp = 0x7f070101
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonHeight = 0x7f040444
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/emojiCompatEnabled = 0x7f0401a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/round = 0x7f0403a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText = 0x7f12011d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResulListItemHeight = 0x7f040729
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error40 = 0x7f060101
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/never = 0x7f0a020d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentHeight = 0x7f0404dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipStandaloneStyle = 0x7f0400cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_track_decoration = 0x7f0800db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentGiphyType = 0x7f0404dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/marginStart = 0x7f0a01a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_item_vertical_padding = 0x7f0704be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_header_title_text = 0x7f0d0060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customPixelDimension = 0x7f040169
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelListBackgroundColor = 0x7f040484
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceContainerLowest = 0x7f040126
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyLabelTextStyle = 0x7f0404d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbTint = 0x7f040827
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_next = 0x7f08014a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/closeIconSize = 0x7f0400e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_90sdp = 0x7f0702a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemIconDrawable = 0x7f0405ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEmptyStateTextFont = 0x7f0404ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toBottomOf = 0x7f04027b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.Underlined = 0x7f1200f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyLabelTextSize = 0x7f0404d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/startIconScaleType = 0x7f0403e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/notification_main_column = 0x7f0a0216
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiShowChannelDeliveryStatusIndicator = 0x7f040755
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceSmallComponent = 0x7f0403ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary90 = 0x7f060152
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_296sdp = 0x7f0700ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemUsernameTextStyle = 0x7f0405da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSenderNameTextFontAssets = 0x7f04074b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListEmptyStateTextFont = 0x7f040734
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_item_active_indicator_width = 0x7f0703b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f1202f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnPrimaryContainer = 0x7f040102
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyCancelButtonTextColor = 0x7f0404cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_thread_reply_avatar_size = 0x7f070699
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEffect_move = 0x7f04033a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemSizeTextColor = 0x7f040561
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.BottomAppBar = 0x7f12044d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/imageView = 0x7f0a0171
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiErrorMessageTextSize = 0x7f0404b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingAccelerated = 0x7f04032c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_bar = 0x7f0a0297
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_rounded_corner_radius = 0x7f0703be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorTertiaryContainer = 0x7f04012c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/filled = 0x7f0a012c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_hint_foreground_inverse = 0x7f0602b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentTitleTextSize = 0x7f0404c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialSearchViewToolbarStyle = 0x7f0402fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/constraintRotate = 0x7f040131
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_txt = 0x7f080134
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentTitleTextFont = 0x7f0404c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentStrokeWidth = 0x7f0404c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/queryPatterns = 0x7f04038d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentProgressBarDrawable = 0x7f0404c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/tooltip_vertical_padding = 0x7f0706de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsCancelIcon = 0x7f040464
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_151sdp = 0x7f07003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/StateSet = 0x7f13009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiErrorMessageTextFontAssets = 0x7f0404b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_secondary_container = 0x7f06028d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowFixedHeightMinor = 0x7f040884
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_bias = 0x7f04028b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f070364
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_267sdp = 0x7f0700ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/animationMode = 0x7f040035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageStrokeWidthTheirs = 0x7f040666
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationExtraLong4 = 0x7f04031f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_308sdp = 0x7f0700fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.Button.Borderless.Colored = 0x7f12020e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingStart = 0x7f040364
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEmptyStateTextStyle = 0x7f0404b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f120336
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberNamesTextSize = 0x7f040478
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintCircleAngle = 0x7f04027e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputLayout.FilledBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f1204a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEmptyStateTextFontAssets = 0x7f0404ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_chip_close_icon_tint = 0x7f0602cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/material_motion_duration_long_2 = 0x7f0b0027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface = 0x7f0601ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/placeHolderImageView = 0x7f0a024c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEmptyStateTextColor = 0x7f0404ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarStyle = 0x7f0402e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f060242
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_tertiary80 = 0x7f060266
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/cardview_default_radius = 0x7f07034c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceDisplayMedium = 0x7f0407e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDisableScrollWhenShowingDialog = 0x7f0404a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/saturation = 0x7f0403a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_cancel = 0x7f110071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_164sdp = 0x7f07004d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_top_padding = 0x7f0705aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery.Options = 0x7f1201a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeletedMessageBackgroundColorTheirs = 0x7f0404a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textBackground = 0x7f0407ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsBackground = 0x7f040462
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_sym_shortcut_label = 0x7f110010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeletedMessageBackgroundColorMine = 0x7f0404a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f1202a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_size_large = 0x7f070642
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/indicatorTrackGapSize = 0x7f04023c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeleteMessageEnabled = 0x7f04049d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_edit_reactions_vertical_padding = 0x7f07066e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal = 0x7f07037a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_card_spacing = 0x7f070598
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_textinput_disabled_color = 0x7f0602f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeleteEnabled = 0x7f04049b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/headerTitleTextView = 0x7f0a015e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/measureWithLargestChild = 0x7f04030b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary95 = 0x7f060153
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_exposed_dropdown_menu_popup_vertical_padding = 0x7f07059d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiShowMessageDeliveryStatusIndicator = 0x7f040758
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelsItemSeparatorDrawable = 0x7f040496
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toTopOf = 0x7f040279
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoSizePresetSizes = 0x7f040042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f060222
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_slider_handle_color = 0x7f0e010f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_grey_600 = 0x7f06026d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_disabled_track_opacity = 0x7f070489
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/m3_bottom_sheet_slide_in = 0x7f010021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_checked_indeterminate__0 = 0x7f080010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelOptionsIcon = 0x7f04048d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_btn_text_btn_padding_right = 0x7f0703d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/design_snackbar_background = 0x7f08008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/menuGravity = 0x7f04030e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_mention_list_error = 0x7f1100df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_primary_text_material_light = 0x7f06000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelListViewStyle = 0x7f040489
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelListSeparatorBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f040488
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingHoldToRecordTextSize = 0x7f04059f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelListHeaderStyle = 0x7f040486
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsTextStyle = 0x7f040645
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.Item = 0x7f120487
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentGridViewImagePlaceholder = 0x7f040519
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_on_error = 0x7f060048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu = 0x7f0407f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingLinearInterpolator = 0x7f040333
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxAcceleration = 0x7f040301
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSystemMessageAlignment = 0x7f040767
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeTextSize = 0x7f04070b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentCornerRadius = 0x7f0404b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/listMode = 0x7f0a019a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_bottom_padding = 0x7f07059e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showDelay = 0x7f0403c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_416sdp = 0x7f070181
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/snackbarTextViewStyle = 0x7f0403d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_progress_indicator_stop_indicator_size = 0x7f07045b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_507sdp = 0x7f0701f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.TextView = 0x7f120384
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsWarningItemTextSize = 0x7f04047f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_literal_white = 0x7f06032f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_error_container = 0x7f060185
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_label_text_type = 0x7f0e002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPaddingEnd = 0x7f04042a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayMessageOptionsMarginTop = 0x7f0406d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsWarningItemTextColor = 0x7f04047c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customIntegerValue = 0x7f040167
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.Fullscreen = 0x7f1203f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEditReactionsColumns = 0x7f0404a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialSearchBarStyle = 0x7f0402f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_medium = 0x7f0703a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_lastVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cardViewStyle = 0x7f0400a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_40sdp = 0x7f070179
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_386sdp = 0x7f07015b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialTimePicker.ImageButton = 0x7f120412
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/percentHeight = 0x7f040372
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabGravity = 0x7f0407ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnSecondaryContainer = 0x7f040107
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/icon = 0x7f0a0169
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_bar_spinner = 0x7f0a0039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_month = 0x7f0d0051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_337sdp = 0x7f070120
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberInfoTextColor = 0x7f040470
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/channelMembersInfoTextView = 0x7f0a00a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_firstHorizontalBias = 0x7f0401e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_471sdp = 0x7f0701c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/srcCompat = 0x7f0403e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dropDownBackgroundTint = 0x7f040194
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_440sdp = 0x7f07019f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsLeaveGroupIcon = 0x7f04046f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/permissionx_tint_color = 0x7f0602fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeWidePadding = 0x7f04005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsItemTextFontAssets = 0x7f04046b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary70 = 0x7f060136
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_header_offline = 0x7f11012c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary0 = 0x7f0600e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorBackgroundFloating = 0x7f0400f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$stream_ui_ic_file_audio_generic__0 = 0x7f08002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelTitleTextSize = 0x7f040492
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_433sdp = 0x7f070196
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_switch_thumb_icon_tint = 0x7f0602e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_295sdp = 0x7f0700ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonTintMode = 0x7f040099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsDialogAvatarStyle = 0x7f040467
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f120367
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_time_picker_time_selector_selected_pressed_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0164
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsDeleteConversationIcon = 0x7f040466
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_grey_50 = 0x7f06026c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_524sdp = 0x7f070205
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiBackground = 0x7f04045d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_error = 0x7f060168
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_536sdp = 0x7f070213
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarTextFont = 0x7f040459
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_2_0_padding_top = 0x7f070532
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f1202c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_elevation_level1 = 0x7f0704e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_switch_thumb_path_name = 0x7f110094
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintBottom_toTopOf = 0x7f04027c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_end = 0x7f0704bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarOnlineIndicatorEnabled = 0x7f040455
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motion_postLayoutCollision = 0x7f040346
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_layout_tab_text = 0x7f0d0026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070421
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_27ssp = 0x7f0700da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_baseline_to_bottom = 0x7f070588
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderOfflineLabelTextSize = 0x7f040622
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarBorderColor = 0x7f040450
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyCancelButtonTextFontAssets = 0x7f0404ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_menu_headline_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0704c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_switch_track_width = 0x7f0705f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_54sdp = 0x7f070223
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/keylines = 0x7f040263
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionOverflowButtonStyle = 0x7f040021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_template_icon_low_bg = 0x7f0800e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonTextSize = 0x7f040448
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/right_icon = 0x7f0a027b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/touchRegionId = 0x7f040852
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlaybackProgressContainerWidth = 0x7f040438
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlaybackButtonWidth = 0x7f040436
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_bars_background = 0x7f06031c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnPrimarySurface = 0x7f040105
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlaybackButtonHeight = 0x7f040434
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageLinkColorMine = 0x7f040610
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlaybackButtonElevation = 0x7f040433
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.Dialog = 0x7f120055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/placeholderTextAppearance = 0x7f040379
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_142sdp = 0x7f070033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/PropertySet = 0x7f130086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_477sdp = 0x7f0701ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/splitTrack = 0x7f0403da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlaybackButtonBackgroundTint = 0x7f040432
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlaybackButtonBackground = 0x7f040431
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlayIconDrawableTint = 0x7f040430
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/backgroundView = 0x7f0a0070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.TabText = 0x7f12035e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderDivider = 0x7f0402e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPauseIconDrawableTint = 0x7f04042e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_weight = 0x7f04028d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_audio_record_player = 0x7f0d0086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationLong1 = 0x7f040320
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate = 0x7f110045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dateLabel = 0x7f0a00d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_ic_error = 0x7f0800cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/springDamping = 0x7f0403dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/liftOnScrollColor = 0x7f0402b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsTextColor = 0x7f040641
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame = 0x7f070392
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPaddingStart = 0x7f04042b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_446sdp = 0x7f0701a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_goneMarginBottom = 0x7f0402a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textinput_placeholder = 0x7f0a02f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_error_container = 0x7f0601a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_command_circle = 0x7f080116
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerDurationTextViewWidth = 0x7f040425
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerDurationTextViewHeight = 0x7f040423
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnErrorContainer = 0x7f040100
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerDurationTextSize = 0x7f040421
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintGuide_percent = 0x7f040285
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textInputOutlinedDenseStyle = 0x7f04080c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayMessageOptionsMarginStart = 0x7f0406d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tint = 0x7f040834
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_410sdp = 0x7f07017b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.AttachmentGallery = 0x7f12019d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/progressBarStyle = 0x7f040387
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral96 = 0x7f06011e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerDurationTextFont = 0x7f04041f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_custom_big = 0x7f0d006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_97sdp = 0x7f0702b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListBackground = 0x7f040731
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerDurationTextColor = 0x7f04041e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_head_interpolator = 0x7f01001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerBackgroundDrawableTint = 0x7f04041d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12026b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/AlertDialog.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f120001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOfflineTitleFontAssets = 0x7f0406c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_attachment_permission_view = 0x7f0d0084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_130sdp = 0x7f070025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f04041c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_calendar_year_selector_span = 0x7f0b0032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemStrokeWidth = 0x7f04025a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070435
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/prefixText = 0x7f040381
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/editTextColor = 0x7f04019a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_tooltip_enter = 0x7f01000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CollapsingToolbar.Large = 0x7f1203d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_mention = 0x7f080142
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentOptionTextSize = 0x7f040417
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppCompatTheme = 0x7f130012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_clock_level = 0x7f0a01ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customColorValue = 0x7f040164
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_254sdp = 0x7f0700bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorTertiaryFixedDim = 0x7f04012e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentOptionTextFontAssets = 0x7f040416
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_primary10 = 0x7f06012f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f06023b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_outline = 0x7f0601b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_245sdp = 0x7f0700b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSingleReactionBubbleColorMine = 0x7f040760
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGroupAvatarTextFontAssets = 0x7f0404f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/holdToRecordText = 0x7f0a0162
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTimeTextStyle = 0x7f0406eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentOptionTextFont = 0x7f040415
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconPaddingTop = 0x7f040412
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconPaddingBottom = 0x7f04040f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconBackgroundColor = 0x7f04040b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/SharedValueId = 0x7f040001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsItemTextColor = 0x7f040469
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialThemeOverlay = 0x7f0402fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsMemberNamesTextColor = 0x7f040475
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_control_x2 = 0x7f07050b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/ratingBarStyleSmall = 0x7f040392
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_arrow_curve_left = 0x7f080108
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiBottomSheetStyle = 0x7f1201d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaImagePlaceholder = 0x7f040407
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryVideoAttachmentsStyle = 0x7f040406
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryStyle = 0x7f040404
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryDateStyle = 0x7f040402
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.Search.DropDown.Query = 0x7f120155
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040401
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_4sdp = 0x7f0701e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shrinkMotionSpec = 0x7f0403c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialDivider.Heavy = 0x7f120409
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCardViewStyle = 0x7f0402ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryAvatarStyle = 0x7f0403fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonTint = 0x7f040098
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryActionsMenuStyle = 0x7f0403fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/masked = 0x7f0a01a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentActivityWebViewStyle = 0x7f0403fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_month_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070581
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageIndicatorTextFontAssets = 0x7f0406dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_435sdp = 0x7f070198
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabMaxWidth = 0x7f0407c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/BottomNavigationView = 0x7f13001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayEditReactionsMarginBottom = 0x7f0406cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorControlHighlight = 0x7f0400f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_340sdp = 0x7f070125
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_card_view_foreground = 0x7f0602c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/editMessage = 0x7f0a0107
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_304sdp = 0x7f0700f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled = 0x7f1203ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonElevation = 0x7f040443
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/pivotAnchor = 0x7f040377
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_with_icon = 0x7f0403f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_indeterminate = 0x7f0403ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_icon_size = 0x7f070434
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f12006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_dragged = 0x7f0403ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLoadingView = 0x7f040511
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_layout_snackbar = 0x7f0d0057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_collapsed = 0x7f0403eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/state_above_anchor = 0x7f0403ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/startIconTintMode = 0x7f0403e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker.Display.HelperText = 0x7f1204b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070493
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040367
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOutlineVariant = 0x7f040112
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.LargeComponent = 0x7f12017a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_anchor_parent = 0x7f0a01eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_title = 0x7f110074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentFailedAttachmentIcon = 0x7f0404ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageLinkColorTheirs = 0x7f040611
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_311sdp = 0x7f070102
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorIconTintMode = 0x7f0401b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconPaddingEnd = 0x7f040410
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_command_icon_size = 0x7f07065f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/cardview_compat_inset_shadow = 0x7f07034a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary70 = 0x7f060258
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.SideSheet.Modal = 0x7f120424
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_file_attachment_preview = 0x7f0d0095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReactionsBubbleBorderColorTheirs = 0x7f0406f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_checkbox_unselected_outline_color = 0x7f0e000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeCloseContentDescription = 0x7f040014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_dark = 0x7f080055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelVerticalSpacerHeight = 0x7f040494
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_63ssp = 0x7f07026b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_unread_label_background_color = 0x7f060338
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary60 = 0x7f060142
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_end_padding = 0x7f0705a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/springStiffness = 0x7f0403de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hintAnimationEnabled = 0x7f04021c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessToMediaIconDrawable = 0x7f040554
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recyclerView = 0x7f0a0270
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/snackbarStyle = 0x7f0403d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_window_insets_animation_callback = 0x7f0a02ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_500sdp = 0x7f0701e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textureBlurFactor = 0x7f040816
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_error_container = 0x7f060163
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_container_height = 0x7f0703f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/sideSheetDialogTheme = 0x7f0403c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_112sdp = 0x7f07000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle.Common = 0x7f1200da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_trailing_content_button_record_audio_width = 0x7f070689
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toLeftOf = 0x7f04028f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_fragment_attachment_options = 0x7f0d0099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_clock = 0x7f080111
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_tertiary_container = 0x7f0602a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showTitle = 0x7f0403c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_400sdp = 0x7f07016f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showMotionSpec = 0x7f0403c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f070430
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.MonthNavigationButton = 0x7f120402
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaMode = 0x7f040577
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_slider_halo_color_legacy = 0x7f06015a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_emptyViewsBehavior = 0x7f0400a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$m3_avd_hide_password__0 = 0x7f080007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawerLayoutStyle = 0x7f040193
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputEditText.OutlinedBox.Dense = 0x7f120433
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyCardButtonDividerColor = 0x7f0404d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showMarker = 0x7f0403c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Button.IconButton.Filled.Tonal = 0x7f1203ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_text_secondary_and_tertiary_inverse = 0x7f0602ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/bottomNavigationStyle = 0x7f04007a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadSeparatorBackgroundColor = 0x7f040788
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_trailing_content_button_send_message_padding = 0x7f07068b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/marginTopSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/moreCount = 0x7f0a01e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/statusBarBackground = 0x7f0403f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_on_background = 0x7f060047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.TextView.SpinnerItem = 0x7f120043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_hover_container_elevation = 0x7f070410
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEdgeEffectColor = 0x7f0404a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showAsAction = 0x7f0403bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/shareMediaButton = 0x7f0a02ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_elevated_container_elevation = 0x7f070424
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_menu_function_shortcut_label = 0x7f11000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIconBannedIndicator = 0x7f0404fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_228sdp = 0x7f07009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/normal = 0x7f0a0213
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showAnimationBehavior = 0x7f0403be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxLines = 0x7f040307
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_alignment = 0x7f0400a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_418sdp = 0x7f070183
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/endIconScaleType = 0x7f0401a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnSecondaryFixed = 0x7f040108
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionPathRotate = 0x7f040342
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeCornerFamily = 0x7f0403bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurface = 0x7f040120
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCooldownTimerTextFont = 0x7f0405c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_view_divider_color = 0x7f0e00f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIndicatorReadIcon = 0x7f040502
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_174sdp = 0x7f070059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayUserReactionsMarginTop = 0x7f0406d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_check_path_merged_animation = 0x7f010010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_snackbar_background_corner_radius = 0x7f070378
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerSmall = 0x7f0403b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_375sdp = 0x7f07014e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiBlockUserOptionEnabled = 0x7f040460
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceBodyLarge = 0x7f0407dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabPaddingBottom = 0x7f0407c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableRightCompat = 0x7f04018b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelOptionsEnabled = 0x7f04048c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Icon.CenterStacked = 0x7f12012b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintDimensionRatio = 0x7f040280
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_floating_hold_padding = 0x7f07067e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconElevation = 0x7f04040d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorPrimaryInverse = 0x7f040118
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/showPaths = 0x7f0403c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_bar_item_default_icon_size = 0x7f0705bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionInterpolator = 0x7f040340
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraSmall = 0x7f0403b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIconPadding = 0x7f040533
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/media_actions = 0x7f0a01c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_card_dragged_z = 0x7f070596
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarTabBarStyle = 0x7f040008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_13ssp = 0x7f070030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textStartPadding = 0x7f040815
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Overline = 0x7f12025c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_checkbox_to_unchecked_icon_null_animation = 0x7f010011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom = 0x7f010005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_picker_actions = 0x7f0d005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f12006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_flag_confirmation_message = 0x7f11011e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/setsTag = 0x7f0403b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TextInputEditText.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f1204a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_date_today_container_outline_width = 0x7f0703fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipCornerRadius = 0x7f0400bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.DialogWhenLarge = 0x7f1202af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_default_header_height = 0x7f070660
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_checkbox_selected_disabled_container_opacity = 0x7f0703fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/txt_chat_color_mine = 0x7f060345
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.MaterialComponents.ExtendedFloatingActionButton = 0x7f120192
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageTextFont = 0x7f04050b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_445sdp = 0x7f0701a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_range_selection_header_container_height = 0x7f0703fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/searchIcon = 0x7f0403a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/m3_avd_show_password = 0x7f0800a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentDimensionRatio = 0x7f0404da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiTypingIndicatorUsersTextFont = 0x7f040774
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color = 0x7f060058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userReactionsContainer = 0x7f0a0334
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070441
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral50 = 0x7f0600b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/scrimBackground = 0x7f0403a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_545sdp = 0x7f07021e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/itemForegroundView = 0x7f0a0181
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/scrimAnimationDuration = 0x7f0403a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userTextView = 0x7f0a0337
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Light.Widget.PopupMenu.Large = 0x7f120024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemTextAppearanceInactive = 0x7f04025e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerScrubberDrawable = 0x7f04043d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/date_picker_actions = 0x7f0a00d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dragThreshold = 0x7f040186
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_fade_in = 0x7f010000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSingleReactionBubbleBorderColorMine = 0x7f04075c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f040441
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_verticalAlign = 0x7f0401f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryBottomBarLeftIconStyle = 0x7f0403ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_card_anim_delay_ms = 0x7f0b000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoLengthTextFont = 0x7f040583
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerWaveBarMarginStart = 0x7f04044f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Slider.Label = 0x7f120427
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_text = 0x7f06029c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/borderRoundPercent = 0x7f040075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_medium = 0x7f11003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_hide_motion_spec = 0x7f02001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/recyclerViewStyle = 0x7f040397
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_checkbox_color_selector = 0x7f060324
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Secondary = 0x7f1202fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/reactiveGuide_valueId = 0x7f040396
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_115sdp = 0x7f070012
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/circularflow_defaultAngle = 0x7f0400d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/m3_side_sheet_enter_from_left = 0x7f010025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOutline = 0x7f040111
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/borderlessButtonStyle = 0x7f040077
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/springMass = 0x7f0403dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/animateNavigationIcon = 0x7f040033
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabAlignmentModeEndMargin = 0x7f0401cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary40 = 0x7f06014d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium2 = 0x7f0b0018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMutedChannelIcon = 0x7f0406bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/reactiveGuide_animateChange = 0x7f040393
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemMentionText = 0x7f0405d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fastScrollEnabled = 0x7f0401d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageTextSize = 0x7f04050c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_elevated_chip_background_color = 0x7f06008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelTitleMarginStart = 0x7f04048f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelListItemAvatarStyle = 0x7f040487
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/ratingBarStyleIndicator = 0x7f040391
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_121sdp = 0x7f07001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/region_widthMoreThan = 0x7f04039b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_secondary_variant = 0x7f060050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/queryBackground = 0x7f04038b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_action_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_4ssp = 0x7f0701e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_focus_track_color = 0x7f0e0132
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/fragment_open_exit = 0x7f020008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiBackgroundLayoutColor = 0x7f04045f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerSendMessageButtonPadding = 0x7f040609
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/commandsButton = 0x7f0a00b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGlobalAvatarOnlineIndicatorColor = 0x7f0404f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_29sdp = 0x7f0700f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.TextInputLayout.OutlinedBox.Dense.ExposedDropdownMenu = 0x7f12043a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_card_corner_radius = 0x7f070595
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/emptyDescriptionTextView = 0x7f0a0110
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_fab_ripple_color = 0x7f0602d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.SubmenuArrow = 0x7f12014f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonTextFontAssets = 0x7f040447
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/design_snackbar_in = 0x7f01001a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/preserveIconSpacing = 0x7f040384
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate = 0x7f0c000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsTitleText = 0x7f0405b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingStart = 0x7f0402c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f12031b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_channel_list_item_view = 0x7f0d008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_19ssp = 0x7f070078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyQueryTextColor = 0x7f0404e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_306sdp = 0x7f0700fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxVelocity = 0x7f040309
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_14 = 0x7f0a0016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/prefixTextAppearance = 0x7f040382
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/popupTheme = 0x7f04037f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/async = 0x7f0a0057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textureWidth = 0x7f040819
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_range_header_unselected = 0x7f110083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_15 = 0x7f0a0017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/polarRelativeTo = 0x7f04037c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/label = 0x7f0a0189
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Placeholder = 0x7f120227
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderBackButtonIcon = 0x7f040618
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/placeholderText = 0x7f040378
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_card_outline_color = 0x7f0e00ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus52sdp = 0x7f0702ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_day_abbr = 0x7f110089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/percentWidth = 0x7f040373
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_nextState = 0x7f0400a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_149sdp = 0x7f07003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dividerColor = 0x7f04017d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonBackgroundDrawableTint = 0x7f040442
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/passwordToggleTint = 0x7f04036e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_menu_item_action_area = 0x7f0d0027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/aligned = 0x7f0a004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/passwordToggleDrawable = 0x7f04036c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_517sdp = 0x7f0701fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Animation.AppCompat.DropDownUp = 0x7f12000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionViewClass = 0x7f040025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/passwordToggleContentDescription = 0x7f04036b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_pressed_holo_light = 0x7f080056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_256sdp = 0x7f0700bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_slider_label_container_color = 0x7f0e0111
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/fragment_fast_out_extra_slow_in = 0x7f01001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelTitleTextFont = 0x7f040491
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_carousel_extra_small_item_size = 0x7f0703e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSenderNameTextFont = 0x7f04074a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeWebSearchDrawable = 0x7f040020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_thumb_elevation = 0x7f0705e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonBarButtonStyle = 0x7f04008a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentInsetStartWithNavigation = 0x7f04013f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintBottom_creator = 0x7f04027a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsAvatarStyle = 0x7f04063f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingEnd = 0x7f040361
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleTextEllipsize = 0x7f040844
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_giphy_label = 0x7f080107
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_190sdp = 0x7f07006d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabUnboundedRipple = 0x7f0407d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTimeTextColor = 0x7f0406b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dayStyle = 0x7f04016e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/onStateTransition = 0x7f04035b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialAlertDialogTitleIconStyle = 0x7f0402d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_primary_emphasis_medium = 0x7f06027a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/onNegativeCross = 0x7f040358
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnreadSeparatorTextSize = 0x7f04078c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07041f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/error_a11y_label = 0x7f11002f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/onHide = 0x7f040357
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_headline_material = 0x7f07033f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputTextSize = 0x7f0405e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_45ssp = 0x7f0701b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/onCross = 0x7f040356
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.AutoCompleteTextView = 0x7f1200cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarFullscreenTheme = 0x7f0402dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0704ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleTheirs = 0x7f0406b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemMentionTextStyle = 0x7f0405d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/number = 0x7f040353
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/navigationViewStyle = 0x7f04034f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/navigationRailStyle = 0x7f04034e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFlagMessageConfirmationEnabled = 0x7f0404c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_primary = 0x7f06004c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_giphy = 0x7f08013c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/fragment_open_enter = 0x7f020007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/placeholderTextColor = 0x7f04037a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_badge_size = 0x7f0703f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/navigationIcon = 0x7f04034b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/moveWhenScrollAtTop = 0x7f040348
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_202sdp = 0x7f07007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motion_triggerOnCollision = 0x7f040347
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.Error = 0x7f120224
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_99sdp = 0x7f0702b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconPadding = 0x7f04040e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/minWidth = 0x7f040314
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral70 = 0x7f0600b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Tooltip = 0x7f120032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dragRight = 0x7f0a00fd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentActionButton = 0x7f0404b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout = 0x7f13002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/indicatorDirectionCircular = 0x7f040238
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus18sdp = 0x7f0702c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionPath = 0x7f040341
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/month_grid = 0x7f0a01e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEffect_translationY = 0x7f04033e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListGiphyAttachmentStyle = 0x7f040615
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/ime_secondary_split_test_activity = 0x7f0d0032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentInsetEndWithActions = 0x7f04013b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.MediumComponent = 0x7f12017b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_error = 0x7f0601d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEffect_start = 0x7f04033b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphySendButtonTextColor = 0x7f0404e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_down = 0x7f08011b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/MaterialAlertDialog.Material3.Title.Text.CenterStacked = 0x7f12012f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_544sdp = 0x7f07021d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/statusBarForeground = 0x7f0403f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingFloatingButtonIconDrawableTint = 0x7f040594
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_badge_max_number = 0x7f0b0009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_mention_item_height = 0x7f070673
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shortcutMatchRequired = 0x7f0403bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingStandardDecelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040336
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_370sdp = 0x7f070149
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintBaseline_toBaselineOf = 0x7f040277
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/panelMenuListWidth = 0x7f04036a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingEmphasizedInterpolator = 0x7f040331
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0400eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearance = 0x7f0403b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_309sdp = 0x7f0700fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Toolbar = 0x7f1204b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_dialog_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e0027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_text_default_material_light = 0x7f060302
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/firstBaselineToTopHeight = 0x7f0401d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant10 = 0x7f060122
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_tertiary40 = 0x7f0600f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_clear_material = 0x7f080044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_icon_color = 0x7f0e0095
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_icon_clear_width = 0x7f0706a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_main_column_padding_top = 0x7f07060a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_label_text_label_text_type = 0x7f0e00d3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationShort1 = 0x7f040328
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCooldownTimerBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f0405c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationMedium2 = 0x7f040325
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.MaterialAlertDialog.MaterialComponents.Title.Text = 0x7f120016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonIconTint = 0x7f040093
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationLong4 = 0x7f040323
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnTertiaryFixed = 0x7f04010f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_actions_corners_radius = 0x7f07064b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_273sdp = 0x7f0700d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/m3_ref_typeface_plain_regular = 0x7f11003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_display_background_color = 0x7f060213
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodySmall = 0x7f12023f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_time_chip = 0x7f0d0041
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_354sdp = 0x7f070135
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/mock_showDiagonals = 0x7f040319
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/ripple_material_dark = 0x7f060305
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeShareDrawable = 0x7f04001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/mock_label = 0x7f040316
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableTopCompat = 0x7f040190
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f120030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/mock_diagonalsColor = 0x7f040315
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f07030b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/notification_action_color_filter = 0x7f0602f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.PopupMenu = 0x7f120417
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemHorizontalPadding = 0x7f040246
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentFileSizeTextStyle = 0x7f0404bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbIconTintMode = 0x7f040822
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_hour_suffix = 0x7f11004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_dim = 0x7f0601f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoAdjustToWithinGrandparentBounds = 0x7f04003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/percentX = 0x7f040374
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/submenuarrow = 0x7f0a02d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_card_stroke_width = 0x7f0703e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListSearchInfoBarTextFont = 0x7f040745
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.DrawerArrowToggle = 0x7f120355
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/disableScroll = 0x7f0a00f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Surface = 0x7f1203df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/minHideDelay = 0x7f040311
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/highlighted_text_material_light = 0x7f060065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintRight_toRightOf = 0x7f040293
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_file_doc = 0x7f080123
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/menuAlignmentMode = 0x7f04030d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListSenderNameTextColor = 0x7f0406ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.DisplaySmall = 0x7f120231
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceLargeComponent = 0x7f0403b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ConstraintSet = 0x7f130034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/passwordToggleEnabled = 0x7f04036d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_background = 0x7f060167
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_color_light_error_container = 0x7f060226
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxImageSize = 0x7f040306
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentPaddingEnd = 0x7f040142
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_searchbar_text_size = 0x7f0704d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/GradientColor = 0x7f130047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnSecondary = 0x7f040106
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/abc_config_activityShortDur = 0x7f0b0001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialTimePickerTheme = 0x7f0402ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialTimePickerStyle = 0x7f0402fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemUsernameTextFontAssets = 0x7f0405d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentImageBackgroundColor = 0x7f0404de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.Dark.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f120284
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_275sdp = 0x7f0700d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation = 0x7f0703bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnSecondaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040109
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_control_highlight = 0x7f060283
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutStyle = 0x7f0400f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialSearchViewStyle = 0x7f0402f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialIconButtonOutlinedStyle = 0x7f0402f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$ic_launcher_foreground__0 = 0x7f080006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_size_tiny = 0x7f070645
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/iconPadding = 0x7f040228
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_color_light_on_error = 0x7f060227
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialIconButtonFilledTonalStyle = 0x7f0402f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTextStyle = 0x7f0406e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_text_color_secondary = 0x7f060337
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fitToContents = 0x7f0a0132
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Platform.ThemeOverlay.AppCompat = 0x7f120141
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/startIconTint = 0x7f0403e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_color = 0x7f0e016f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabSelectedTextColor = 0x7f0407d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_vertical_padding = 0x7f070591
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/staticLayout = 0x7f0a02d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_91ssp = 0x7f0702a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontUserName = 0x7f040696
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.BodyLarge = 0x7f12023d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActivityChooserView = 0x7f1200cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarYearNavigationButton = 0x7f0402e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileSize = 0x7f0a0123
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingHoldToRecordTextFontAssets = 0x7f04059e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarMonthNavigationButton = 0x7f0402e6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarMonth = 0x7f0402e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReadCountEnabled = 0x7f0406fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bounceBoth = 0x7f0a007f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cardElevation = 0x7f04009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderTitle = 0x7f0402e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled = 0x7f07052b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.MaterialAlertDialog.Picker.Date.Header.Text.Day = 0x7f120330
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderSelection = 0x7f0402e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_55sdp = 0x7f07022f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeThreadSeparator = 0x7f0406a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarHeaderConfirmButton = 0x7f0402df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/defaultState = 0x7f040174
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_89ssp = 0x7f0702a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/homeLayout = 0x7f040221
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/placeholder_emptyVisibility = 0x7f04037b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsTitleTextSize = 0x7f0405bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarDay = 0x7f0402db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/largeFontVerticalOffsetAdjustment = 0x7f040268
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_241sdp = 0x7f0700ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Support.CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f1204be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/imageRotate = 0x7f040233
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandDescriptionTextFontAssets = 0x7f0405ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_outline_variant = 0x7f060294
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.TimePicker = 0x7f1204af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_switch_thumb_motion_duration = 0x7f0b0036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialButtonToggleGroupStyle = 0x7f0402da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant40 = 0x7f060126
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListUnsupportedAttachmentStyle = 0x7f04063a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerDividerBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f0405ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialAlertDialogTitlePanelStyle = 0x7f0402d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerRecentFilesTextFont = 0x7f04057a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialAlertDialogBodyTextStyle = 0x7f0402d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAlsoSendToChannelCheckboxTextFont = 0x7f040541
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceCornerExtraLarge = 0x7f0403b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/panelMenuListTheme = 0x7f040369
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/marginHorizontal = 0x7f0402ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSwitchThumbNormal = 0x7f04012a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/logoScaleType = 0x7f0402cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listPreferredItemPaddingEnd = 0x7f0402c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationShort2 = 0x7f040329
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listItemLayout = 0x7f0402bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiTypingIndicatorUsersTextStyle = 0x7f040777
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cardCornerRadius = 0x7f04009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_control_activated = 0x7f060282
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.DayNight.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120267
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_infinite = 0x7f0400a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEditOptionIcon = 0x7f0404a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_channel_list_item_title_margin_start = 0x7f070657
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageReactionsBubbleBorderColorMine = 0x7f040648
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_timepicker_display_stroke_width = 0x7f070516
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.HeadlineLarge = 0x7f120232
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/lastItemDecorated = 0x7f04026a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_trailing_icon_color = 0x7f0e00f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxCornerRadiusTopStart = 0x7f040084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_scrollEffect = 0x7f0402b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__1 = 0x7f08000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.NoActionBar = 0x7f1202cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/scrimVisibleHeightTrigger = 0x7f0403a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundColor = 0x7f040048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$mtrl_checkbox_button_checked_unchecked__2 = 0x7f08000f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_optimizationLevel = 0x7f0402af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_insetEdge = 0x7f0402ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MenuView = 0x7f130070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Carousel = 0x7f130021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemNameTextFont = 0x7f04055d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeSplitBackground = 0x7f04001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialClockStyle = 0x7f0402ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/optionsContainer = 0x7f0a0232
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_clear_button = 0x7f0a0225
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bright_foreground_material_dark = 0x7f06002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/methodName = 0x7f04030f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintStart_toEndOf = 0x7f040294
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionTarget = 0x7f040345
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f060128
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeWithTextWidth = 0x7f040062
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedState = 0x7f0400bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/give_us_a_review_landmine_button = 0x7f0a014c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_timepicker_clock_text_color = 0x7f0602bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed_variant = 0x7f0601f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_editor_absoluteX = 0x7f0402a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputTextFont = 0x7f0405e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/endIconTintMode = 0x7f0401a9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized__highlighted_text = 0x7f06027f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Filter.Elevated = 0x7f1203c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/deleteImageView = 0x7f0a00df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewHeight = 0x7f04071a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_53ssp = 0x7f070218
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error95 = 0x7f060107
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_bottom_sheet_drag_handle_color = 0x7f06006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabCradleMargin = 0x7f0401ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/cancel_button_image_alpha = 0x7f0b0004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.OutlinedButton = 0x7f120457
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth_default = 0x7f04029e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_container_height = 0x7f07040e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/fragment_close_exit = 0x7f020004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintTop_toBottomOf = 0x7f040298
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_text_input_date_range_start_hint = 0x7f110088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/adaptive = 0x7f0a0048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/saveButton = 0x7f0a0282
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AnimatedStateListDrawableCompat = 0x7f130007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_large_icon_width = 0x7f070609
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintStart_toStartOf = 0x7f040295
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/viewTransitionOnCross = 0x7f040874
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_card_state_list_anim = 0x7f020017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoCompleteTextViewStyle = 0x7f04003e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/iconifiedByDefault = 0x7f04022d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIconIndicatorRead = 0x7f0404fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListSenderNameTextSize = 0x7f0406ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listChoiceIndicatorMultipleAnimated = 0x7f0402bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_tooltip_arrowSize = 0x7f0705fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_primary95 = 0x7f06024e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button = 0x7f120455
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintHorizontal_chainStyle = 0x7f04028c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/roundPercent = 0x7f0403a1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintHeight = 0x7f040286
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_input_chip_with_leading_icon_leading_icon_size = 0x7f07042c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle = 0x7f04008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_label_padding = 0x7f07035f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintGuide_end = 0x7f040284
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_mode_bar = 0x7f0a0042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonTextFont = 0x7f040446
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_linear_control_y1 = 0x7f070504
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeleteConfirmationEnabled = 0x7f04049a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_inactive_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e0088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_time_picker_container_elevation = 0x7f070498
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/compatShadowEnabled = 0x7f040130
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/linear_indeterminate_line2_tail_interpolator = 0x7f010020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnSurfaceInverse = 0x7f04010b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingStandardAccelerateInterpolator = 0x7f040335
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintGuide_begin = 0x7f040283
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_textfield_label_color = 0x7f06020d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_72sdp = 0x7f07027e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintCircleRadius = 0x7f04027f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceSearchResultTitle = 0x7f0407f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_alert_dialog_title = 0x7f0d0048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_file_icon_container_width = 0x7f070628
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_169sdp = 0x7f070052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary = 0x7f0601b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemPaddingTop = 0x7f04024f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/hint_alpha_material_light = 0x7f07038f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hideMotionSpec = 0x7f040218
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_item_text_color = 0x7f06009c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_date_header_unselected = 0x7f110075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f02001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayDimColor = 0x7f0406ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/clockNumberTextColor = 0x7f0400de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/abc_action_menu_overflow_description = 0x7f110002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_medium3 = 0x7f0b0019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_surface = 0x7f06016e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemShapeInsetStart = 0x7f040256
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsButtonIconTintList = 0x7f040547
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_start_padding = 0x7f0705a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiForegroundLayoutColor = 0x7f0404cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumSize = 0x7f0400ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier = 0x7f040273
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral22 = 0x7f06010f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dropDownListViewStyle = 0x7f040195
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/progress_circular = 0x7f0a025b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_anchor = 0x7f04026f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_button_background_color = 0x7f060322
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/btn_checkbox_unchecked_to_checked_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080081
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_155sdp = 0x7f070042
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout = 0x7f04026b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceMediumComponent = 0x7f0403b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionProgress = 0x7f040343
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/haloColor = 0x7f04020f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_long_text_horizontal_padding = 0x7f070544
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Slider = 0x7f120426
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary60 = 0x7f060257
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/chronometer = 0x7f0a00aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_surface_container_low = 0x7f0601c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/snapMargins = 0x7f0a02be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long4 = 0x7f0b0016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha = 0x7f080078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_value_index = 0x7f0a01bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bg_primary_color = 0x7f060025
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListFileAttachmentStyle = 0x7f040614
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentMoreCountTextStyle = 0x7f04052c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_extended_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemStrokeColor = 0x7f040259
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_4 = 0x7f0a002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AttachmentGalleryActivity = 0x7f130014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/mtrl_calendar_selection_text_lines = 0x7f0b0031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedButton = 0x7f0400b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsLanguage = 0x7f04067b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_496sdp = 0x7f0701e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemShapeInsetTop = 0x7f040257
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_trailing_content_button_send_message_width = 0x7f07068c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemPaddingBottom = 0x7f04024e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListItemAvatarStyle = 0x7f040635
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_icon_size = 0x7f070414
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.HeaderTitle = 0x7f120485
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_pressed_handle_color = 0x7f0e013b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyCancelButtonTextFont = 0x7f0404cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_text_field_error_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e004e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_collapseMode = 0x7f040272
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontFamily = 0x7f0401fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingStandardInterpolator = 0x7f040337
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemPadding = 0x7f04024d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemMaxLines = 0x7f04024b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_action_bar_up_container = 0x7f0d0001
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_20ssp = 0x7f070086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/dim_foreground_material_light = 0x7f06005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemFillColor = 0x7f040245
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/startIconDrawable = 0x7f0403e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemActiveIndicatorStyle = 0x7f040243
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.TitleLarge = 0x7f120238
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_rail_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e0096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/text_input_start_icon = 0x7f0a02f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f060233
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/forceDefaultNavigationOnClickListener = 0x7f040208
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/isLightTheme = 0x7f04023f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dark = 0x7f120323
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_chip_anim_duration = 0x7f0b000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/initialActivityCount = 0x7f04023d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_saveFlags = 0x7f040070
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.Dialog.MinWidth = 0x7f12026f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_with_icon_inactive_icon_color = 0x7f0e00d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_button_focus_outline_color = 0x7f0e00a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/animateCircleAngleTo = 0x7f040031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_surface_container = 0x7f0601ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/design_snackbar_text_max_lines = 0x7f0b0006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/indicatorSize = 0x7f04023b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_list_menu_item_radio = 0x7f0d0011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/wrap = 0x7f0a034f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_state_list_animator = 0x7f02001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/indeterminateProgressStyle = 0x7f040236
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_fab_border_width = 0x7f0704ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/indeterminateAnimationType = 0x7f040235
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_path_indeterminate = 0x7f110060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListEmptyStateDrawable = 0x7f0406e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/imageZoom = 0x7f040234
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_navigation_rail_item = 0x7f0d0059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/iconTint = 0x7f04022b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/select_dialog_item_material = 0x7f0d0078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabSelectedTextAppearance = 0x7f0407cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/south = 0x7f0a02bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f120382
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoButtonIcon = 0x7f04040a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bg_chat_color_mine = 0x7f060023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemSpacing = 0x7f040258
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:plurals/stream_ui_message_list_message_reactions = 0x7f100004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/iconSize = 0x7f040229
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_accent_red = 0x7f06030f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/ifTagSet = 0x7f04022f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerSendMessageButtonWidth = 0x7f04060a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cos = 0x7f0a00cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ScrimInsetsFrameLayout = 0x7f13008b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary10 = 0x7f0600e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_avatar_size_medium = 0x7f070643
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_goneMarginBaseline = 0x7f0402a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/borderWidth = 0x7f040076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/frost = 0x7f0a013f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/horizontalOffsetWithText = 0x7f040223
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_primary_container = 0x7f0601dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_secondary_container = 0x7f0601b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dragUp = 0x7f0a00ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_157sdp = 0x7f070044
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral20 = 0x7f0600aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCardViewElevatedStyle = 0x7f0402ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/homeAsUpIndicator = 0x7f040220
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_bg_low_normal = 0x7f0800e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textInputOutlinedStyle = 0x7f04080e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyStrokeColorMine = 0x7f0405f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/extendStrategy = 0x7f0401c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_secondary100 = 0x7f06013d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageStrokeWidthMine = 0x7f040665
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyIcon = 0x7f0404d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleDate = 0x7f0406a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_tab_text_size_2line = 0x7f070384
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.AppCompat.Light.DarkActionBar = 0x7f120054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/insetForeground = 0x7f04023e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb_checked_pressed = 0x7f0800d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSecondaryFixed = 0x7f04011d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toStartOf = 0x7f040282
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_option_item = 0x7f0d00d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AttachmentGalleryVideoAttachments = 0x7f130015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/popupWindowStyle = 0x7f040380
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/helperTextEnabled = 0x7f040214
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/helperText = 0x7f040213
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_link_attachments_view = 0x7f0d00bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeText = 0x7f040058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/DrawerLayout = 0x7f130039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/reply = 0x7f0a0272
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_513sdp = 0x7f0701f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.DrawerLayout = 0x7f1203d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_textfield_input_text_color = 0x7f06020c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/height = 0x7f040212
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_447sdp = 0x7f0701a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentMoreCountFontAssets = 0x7f040527
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorAccessibilityLabel = 0x7f0401ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_rail_elevation = 0x7f0704c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReactionsBubbleBorderWidthTheirs = 0x7f0406f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonIcon = 0x7f040091
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_snackbar_background_color = 0x7f06005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CardView = 0x7f120461
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/endIconMinSize = 0x7f0401a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.CheckedTextView = 0x7f1203bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/haloRadius = 0x7f040210
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/guidelineUseRtl = 0x7f04020e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dividerVertical = 0x7f040183
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/gestureInsetBottomIgnored = 0x7f04020c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_x1 = 0x7f0704f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelListHeaderAvatarStyle = 0x7f040485
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/design_text_input_end_icon = 0x7f0d002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.DialogWindowTitleBackground.AppCompat = 0x7f120013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/framePosition = 0x7f04020a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_menu_material = 0x7f070343
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ViewBackgroundHelper = 0x7f1300af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_input_chip_label_text_type = 0x7f0e005c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_blue_alice = 0x7f060320
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayMessageOptionsMarginBottom = 0x7f0406cf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_helper_text_font_1_3_padding_horizontal = 0x7f070536
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/lastBaselineToBottomHeight = 0x7f040269
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/foregroundInsidePadding = 0x7f040209
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_timepicker_cancel = 0x7f110099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontStyle = 0x7f040204
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/commandNameTextView = 0x7f0a00b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickRadiusInactive = 0x7f040832
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/background = 0x7f040047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V22.Theme.AppCompat = 0x7f1200ae
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_clock_number_text_size = 0x7f070522
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontProviderQuery = 0x7f040202
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_search_input_background_outline_color = 0x7f060334
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/strokeColor = 0x7f0407a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiEditReactionsBubbleColorTheirs = 0x7f0404a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/txt_msg_date_color = 0x7f060347
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedHintEnabled = 0x7f0401b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/dragEnd = 0x7f0a00fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_unchecked_checked = 0x7f0800c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_text_button_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070496
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/deriveConstraintsFrom = 0x7f040177
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hoveredFocusedTranslationZ = 0x7f040224
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyLabelTextFontAssets = 0x7f0404d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_133sdp = 0x7f070028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_height = 0x7f070629
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_170sdp = 0x7f070055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/arrowShaftLength = 0x7f04003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.TabLayout = 0x7f12030f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/design_default_color_on_primary = 0x7f060049
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_selection_baseline_to_top_fullscreen = 0x7f070587
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/attributeName = 0x7f04003b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_total_height = 0x7f0706c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070437
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeColor = 0x7f040704
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_single_reaction_view_large_tail_bubble_radius = 0x7f0706bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontProviderFetchStrategy = 0x7f0401ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Button.TextButton.Icon = 0x7f12045d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_icon_size = 0x7f070439
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionsTitleTextStyle = 0x7f0405bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/snap = 0x7f0a02bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResulListItemVerticalSpacerHeight = 0x7f04072e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_31 = 0x7f0a0029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_template_big_media_narrow = 0x7f0d006c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_slider_range_start = 0x7f110054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listPopupWindowStyle = 0x7f0402c2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/constraintSetStart = 0x7f040134
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/hide_password_duration = 0x7f0b0008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_horizontalAlign = 0x7f0401ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintLeft_toRightOf = 0x7f040290
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiActionButtonIcon = 0x7f0403f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_firstVerticalStyle = 0x7f0401eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_offset = 0x7f0703ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.M3.Sys.Typescale.BodyLarge = 0x7f12022c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_clock_display_divider = 0x7f0d003a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/MenuGroup = 0x7f13006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingLeftSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f040362
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/alpha = 0x7f04002e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_icon_padding = 0x7f070559
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.Bridge = 0x7f1202b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Inverse = 0x7f1201f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_flat_unselected_outline_width = 0x7f070426
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_83ssp = 0x7f070297
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontLanguage = 0x7f04068a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/marginRightSystemWindowInsets = 0x7f0402d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_attachment_upload_progress = 0x7f110107
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f060253
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_year = 0x7f0d0056
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppBarLayoutStates = 0x7f13000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentActivityProgressBarStyle = 0x7f0403fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/leadingContent = 0x7f0a0190
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_error_container = 0x7f060286
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_413sdp = 0x7f07017e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/playButton = 0x7f0a024d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_317sdp = 0x7f070108
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/useMaterialThemeColors = 0x7f04086e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_2sdp = 0x7f0700f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/cancelButton = 0x7f0a008d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/boxStrokeErrorColor = 0x7f040086
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size = 0x7f070359
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchResultListMessageTextSize = 0x7f04073b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_title_bottom_margin = 0x7f07039b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_23ssp = 0x7f0700aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_simple_item_color_hovered_alpha = 0x7f0704e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorPrimaryContainer = 0x7f040114
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listPreferredItemHeight = 0x7f0402c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_on_surface = 0x7f06028e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/notification_large_icon_height = 0x7f070608
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/elevationOverlayColor = 0x7f04019e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_dark_default_color_secondary_text = 0x7f060084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_bar_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070432
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabAnimationMode = 0x7f0401cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_child_content_container = 0x7f0a01f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/btn_radio_on_mtrl = 0x7f080084
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_primary = 0x7f060295
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_progress_circular_size = 0x7f0705d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_btn_check_material_anim = 0x7f080031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_spacing_medium = 0x7f0706c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_anchorGravity = 0x7f040270
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/m3_alert_dialog_actions = 0x7f0d0034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tvFileSize = 0x7f0a0322
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabAlignmentMode = 0x7f0401ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/extraMultilineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0401c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Design.BottomSheet.Modal = 0x7f12038c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_attachment_media = 0x7f0d00a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/horizontal_only = 0x7f0a0168
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_6 = 0x7f0a002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_accessibility_pane_title = 0x7f0a02e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07040c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeStyle = 0x7f0401db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_message_composer_attachment_container = 0x7f0d00c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mediaImageView = 0x7f0a01c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_67ssp = 0x7f070273
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/deliveryStatusIcon = 0x7f0a00e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ActionButton.Overflow = 0x7f1200ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottom_nav_min_height = 0x7f0703b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/design_tab_text_size = 0x7f070383
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryOptionsStyle = 0x7f040403
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyMediaAttachmentSizingMode = 0x7f0404e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_emphasis_disabled_background = 0x7f07052c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V26.Widget.AppCompat.Toolbar = 0x7f1200b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_header_thread_title = 0x7f11012f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/ttcIndex = 0x7f04086a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/playIconCardView = 0x7f0a0250
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerScrubberWidthPressed = 0x7f040440
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_slide_out_top = 0x7f010009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/alertDialogButtonGroupStyle = 0x7f040029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f12009e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallTertiaryStyle = 0x7f0401e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_on_surface_variant = 0x7f0601b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_primary_container = 0x7f060197
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedTitleMarginTop = 0x7f0401bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/material_filled_edittext_font_1_3_padding_bottom = 0x7f07052f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expanded = 0x7f0401b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/home = 0x7f0a0163
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_error30 = 0x7f060100
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_icon_button_unselected_icon_color = 0x7f0e005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentsRecyclerView = 0x7f0a0061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.Material3.Corner.Large = 0x7f120176
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V21.ThemeOverlay.Material3.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f1200ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:bool/abc_action_bar_embed_tabs = 0x7f050000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryTitleStyle = 0x7f040405
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/Insets = 0x7f13004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleMarginTop = 0x7f04083f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/titleEnabled = 0x7f04083a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_title_baseline_to_top = 0x7f07058c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:font/font_semibold = 0x7f090006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/brightness = 0x7f040089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_light_primary_container = 0x7f0601b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_surface_container_highest = 0x7f06017c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorIconTint = 0x7f0401b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipMinTouchTargetSize = 0x7f0400c8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorEnabled = 0x7f0401b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionSuggestionItemMentionTextFont = 0x7f0405d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/showCustom = 0x7f0a02b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickMark = 0x7f04082e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_calendar_months = 0x7f0a01f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTimeTextFontAssets = 0x7f0406b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorContentDescription = 0x7f0401af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/bestChoice = 0x7f0a0075
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_primary_navigation_tab_active_focus_state_layer_color = 0x7f0e00c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedTitleTextAppearance = 0x7f0401c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_textinput_box_corner_radius_small = 0x7f0705f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_item_ripple_color = 0x7f06009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/viewInflaterClass = 0x7f040872
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsedTitleGravity = 0x7f0400ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAlsoSendToChannelCheckboxTextSize = 0x7f040543
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_filled_background_color = 0x7f0602d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerSizeTopLeft = 0x7f040155
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_call_answer_low = 0x7f08008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_secondary_text_material_dark = 0x7f060011
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.AppCompat.CompactMenu = 0x7f120265
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/constraintSetEnd = 0x7f040133
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandDescriptionTextColor = 0x7f0405ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral94 = 0x7f0600b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerDismissModeIconDrawable = 0x7f0405c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_btn_transparent_bg_color = 0x7f0602c5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.ActionBar.Solid.Inverse = 0x7f12035b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_state_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070513
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/blendSrc = 0x7f040073
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/endIconDrawable = 0x7f0401a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/reverseLayout = 0x7f04039d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceContainer = 0x7f040122
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarTextFontAssets = 0x7f04045a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/primary_dark_material_light = 0x7f0602fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_path_animation = 0x7f010014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/btn_radio_on_to_off_mtrl_animation = 0x7f080085
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_341sdp = 0x7f070126
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_verticalGap = 0x7f0401f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_switch_thumb = 0x7f0800d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filter_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f070427
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeTextAppearance = 0x7f040059
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customColorDrawableValue = 0x7f040163
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_moderation_dialog_delete = 0x7f11013f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsViewInfoEnabled = 0x7f04047a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/subtitle_shadow_radius = 0x7f0706d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/design_bottom_sheet_slide_out = 0x7f010019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/duration = 0x7f040197
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_bottomappbar_fab_cradle_margin = 0x7f07054d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_accelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f070507
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconTint = 0x7f040413
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemRippleColor = 0x7f040250
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Small.Inverse = 0x7f12002d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_handle_color = 0x7f0e0134
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listLayout = 0x7f0402c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_background = 0x7f060189
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSurfaceStyle = 0x7f0401dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_outline_color = 0x7f0e00c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeWidth = 0x7f04005d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_attachment_display_error = 0x7f110101
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorTextAppearance = 0x7f0401b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_501sdp = 0x7f0701ea
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tickRadiusActive = 0x7f040831
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_item_giphy_attachment = 0x7f0d00aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.BottomSheet = 0x7f1203a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeCopyDrawable = 0x7f040016
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedChip = 0x7f0400b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_369sdp = 0x7f070146
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_attachment_gallery_delete = 0x7f1100c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f0600d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableStartCompat = 0x7f04018d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsLeaveGroupEnabled = 0x7f04046e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableLeftCompat = 0x7f04018a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/material_slider_value = 0x7f110055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_card_elevated_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontWeight = 0x7f040206
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/unreadCountTextView = 0x7f0a0329
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableBottomCompat = 0x7f040188
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_0 = 0x7f0a0010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_596sdp = 0x7f07025b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_switch_unselected_track_outline_color = 0x7f0e0141
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeShapeAppearance = 0x7f040055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputTextColor = 0x7f0405e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_502sdp = 0x7f0701eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral90 = 0x7f0600b6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_accent_blue = 0x7f06030d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandNameTextStyle = 0x7f0405b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_on_tertiary_container = 0x7f060171
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_color_highlight_material = 0x7f060004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dividerHorizontal = 0x7f04017e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/closeIconVisible = 0x7f0400e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarStyle = 0x7f040007
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/divider = 0x7f04017c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_text_size_large_material = 0x7f070340
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_inverse_primary = 0x7f060187
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Input.Elevated = 0x7f1203c3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/usernameTextView = 0x7f0a0338
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/searchIcon = 0x7f0a0291
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.None = 0x7f120171
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_218sdp = 0x7f07008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dialogTheme = 0x7f04017a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonStyle = 0x7f040096
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_timepicker_button_background_color = 0x7f06020f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.Material3.DayNight.Dialog.Alert = 0x7f12028b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dialogPreferredPadding = 0x7f040179
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_85ssp = 0x7f07029b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/east = 0x7f0a0105
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_dark = 0x7f060309
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/liftOnScroll = 0x7f0402b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/header_title = 0x7f0a015f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary40 = 0x7f0600da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageReplyBackgroundColor = 0x7f0405f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_active_pressed_label_text_color = 0x7f0e0082
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_button_outline_width = 0x7f070447
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_picker_invalid_format = 0x7f110078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerProgressBarDrawable = 0x7f040439
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_pressed = 0x7f0705ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconCornerRadius = 0x7f04040c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_bottom_app_bar_container_elevation = 0x7f0703f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeStyle = 0x7f040057
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.MaterialCalendar.YearNavigationButton = 0x7f12048d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipSurfaceColor = 0x7f0400d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material = 0x7f0d0008
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/daySelectedStyle = 0x7f04016d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dialogCornerRadius = 0x7f040178
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.PopupMenuItem.Title = 0x7f120151
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarDivider = 0x7f040002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/selectableItemBackground = 0x7f0403ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/windowNoTitle = 0x7f040889
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/emptyStateViewContainer = 0x7f0a0114
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_timepicker_modebutton_tint = 0x7f0602bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSenderNameTextFontAssets = 0x7f040751
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.MaterialComponents = 0x7f120066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_extra_small_corner_family = 0x7f0b0021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/delete = 0x7f0a00de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline4 = 0x7f120259
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_size = 0x7f070545
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeTextColor = 0x7f04005a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnPrimary = 0x7f040101
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral40 = 0x7f06022e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customReference = 0x7f04016a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_view_reactions_item_size = 0x7f0706cc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintWidth_min = 0x7f0402a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeFindDrawable = 0x7f040018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerAllowAccessButtonTextSize = 0x7f04054d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display4 = 0x7f1201ef
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipIconSize = 0x7f0400c4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog = 0x7f1202b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/indicatorColor = 0x7f040237
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/background_floating_material_dark = 0x7f06001e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_77sdp = 0x7f070288
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/customDimension = 0x7f040165
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_result_item_vertical_spacer_position = 0x7f0706b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0704f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_rail_container_width = 0x7f070440
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_legacy_decelerate_control_x2 = 0x7f0704ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipSpacingVertical = 0x7f0400cb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cursorErrorColor = 0x7f040160
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/bottomInsetScrimEnabled = 0x7f040079
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_slider_inactive_track_color_legacy = 0x7f06015c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant20 = 0x7f060239
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_mention = 0x7f1100dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_goneMarginStart = 0x7f0402aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_140sdp = 0x7f070031
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUiBadgeStyle = 0x7f1201d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/counterOverflowTextAppearance = 0x7f040159
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_search_empty = 0x7f080156
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarBorderRadius = 0x7f040451
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerSizeTopRight = 0x7f040156
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_item_icon_tint = 0x7f06009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingFloatingLockedIconDrawableTint = 0x7f040598
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_pressed_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_extra_long2 = 0x7f0b0010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerFamilyBottomRight = 0x7f04014e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layoutDescription = 0x7f04026c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabMinWidth = 0x7f0407c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/bottomSheetStyle = 0x7f04007d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_assist_chip_with_icon_icon_size = 0x7f0703f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerFamily = 0x7f04014c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/AppCompatEmojiHelper = 0x7f13000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMediaAttachmentPlayVideoIcon = 0x7f04052f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_year_corner = 0x7f07058e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiTypingIndicatorAnimationView = 0x7f040772
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ChannelList.ActionsDialog = 0x7f1201ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_slider_inactive_track_height = 0x7f07047f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_user_reactions_view = 0x7f0d00df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_488sdp = 0x7f0701d7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentScrim = 0x7f040147
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_goneMarginTop = 0x7f0402ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus27sdp = 0x7f0702ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_392sdp = 0x7f070163
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_shape_video_information_background = 0x7f080174
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/arrowHeadLength = 0x7f040039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ghost_view = 0x7f0a0145
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus53sdp = 0x7f0702eb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Title = 0x7f120201
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonLargeSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_overlapTop = 0x7f04006e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/shapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f0403b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bg_secondary_color = 0x7f060026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_search_input_icon_clear_margin_end = 0x7f0706a7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/defaultQueryHint = 0x7f040172
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/notification_material_background_media_default_color = 0x7f0602f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_navigation_item_horizontal_padding = 0x7f0705be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceContainerHigh = 0x7f040123
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorErrorContainer = 0x7f0400fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentInsetStart = 0x7f04013e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tvFileTitle = 0x7f0a0323
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryViewMediaPlayVideoIconPaddingStart = 0x7f040411
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundInsetEnd = 0x7f04004a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallPrimaryStyle = 0x7f0401e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsCancelEnabled = 0x7f040463
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentDescription = 0x7f040139
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_hold_to_record = 0x7f1100ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/content = 0x7f040138
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonIconDimen = 0x7f040092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1202b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/design_password_eye = 0x7f080089
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentFileSizeTextSize = 0x7f0404be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dynamic_dark_primary_text_disable_only = 0x7f060087
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/popupMenuStyle = 0x7f04037e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant50 = 0x7f06023c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/SharedValue = 0x7f040000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_control_corner_material = 0x7f070310
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiDeletedMessageBackgroundColor = 0x7f0404a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintRight_creator = 0x7f040291
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingSlideToCancelStartDrawableTint = 0x7f0405a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/notification_action = 0x7f0d0066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/counterTextColor = 0x7f04015c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/drawableEndCompat = 0x7f040189
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/bottom_sheet_slide_duration = 0x7f0b0003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerVideoIconDrawable = 0x7f04057f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileTypeIcon = 0x7f0a0127
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTimeTextSize = 0x7f0406ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/RangeSlider = 0x7f130088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoSizeStepGranularity = 0x7f040043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_peekHeight = 0x7f04006f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recordingComplete = 0x7f0a0268
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentsNoFilesTextColor = 0x7f040567
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_overlapping_content_vertical_padding = 0x7f070686
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_498sdp = 0x7f0701e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_339sdp = 0x7f070122
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_expandedOffset = 0x7f04006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layoutDuringTransition = 0x7f04026d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_with_text_size = 0x7f07054a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_323sdp = 0x7f070110
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/searchview_navigation_content_description = 0x7f1100aa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_grey_900 = 0x7f060270
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_date_picker_modal_container_color = 0x7f0e000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceVariant = 0x7f040129
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingFloatingLockIconDrawable = 0x7f040595
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageTextStyle = 0x7f04050d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingFloatingButtonBackgroundDrawableTint = 0x7f040592
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_list_menu_item_layout = 0x7f0d0010
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorSurfaceInverse = 0x7f040128
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/constraintSet = 0x7f040132
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/textinput_error = 0x7f0a02f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialIconButtonFilledStyle = 0x7f0402f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/contiguous = 0x7f0a00c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_search_view_container_elevation = 0x7f07046b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/right_side = 0x7f0a027c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/ifTagNotSet = 0x7f04022e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/buttonBar = 0x7f0a0083
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorContainer = 0x7f0400f6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnTertiaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040110
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/parentPanel = 0x7f0a023b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textInputOutlinedExposedDropdownMenuStyle = 0x7f04080d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_404sdp = 0x7f070173
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_radio_to_off_mtrl_ring_outer_animation = 0x7f010013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary20 = 0x7f0600e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_bg_normal_pressed = 0x7f0800e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_extended_fab_change_size_collapse_motion_spec = 0x7f020019
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnPrimaryFixedVariant = 0x7f040104
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedIcon = 0x7f0400b5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_switch_track_tint = 0x7f0602e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/notification_tile_bg = 0x7f0800e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutLargeStyle = 0x7f0400ee
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnError = 0x7f0400ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiUnsupportedAttachmentTitleTextFont = 0x7f040794
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsedTitleTextColor = 0x7f0400ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/call_notification_answer_color = 0x7f060030
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReactionsBubbleBorderColorMine = 0x7f0406f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnBackground = 0x7f0400fc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.MaterialComponents.Headline6 = 0x7f12025b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_search_bar_hover_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e00e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_secondary = 0x7f060176
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/counterclockwise = 0x7f0a00cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/dividerPadding = 0x7f040181
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorAccent = 0x7f0400f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageOptionsReactionSorting = 0x7f040640
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/quantizeMotionSteps = 0x7f04038a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_verticalStyle = 0x7f0401f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/closeIconTint = 0x7f0400e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_92ssp = 0x7f0702ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_surface_container_highest = 0x7f06019e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiReactionsBubbleColorMine = 0x7f0406f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapsingToolbarLayoutMediumStyle = 0x7f0400f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_520sdp = 0x7f070201
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphySendButtonTextStyle = 0x7f0404ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/linear_indeterminate_line1_head_interpolator = 0x7f01001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAvatarOnlineIndicatorPosition = 0x7f040456
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_harmonized_color_error_container = 0x7f060272
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_firstView = 0x7f0400a5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipIconVisible = 0x7f0400c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandsButtonIconTintList = 0x7f0405bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/$stream_ui_ic_file__0 = 0x7f080029
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/maxHeight = 0x7f040305
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Material3.ActionBar.Title = 0x7f12023c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral95 = 0x7f0600b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/spinnerDropDownItemStyle = 0x7f0403d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_dark_default_color_primary_text = 0x7f06007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/compat_button_inset_vertical_material = 0x7f07034f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapseIcon = 0x7f0400e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/fragment_close_enter = 0x7f020003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Subhead.Inverse = 0x7f120200
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaAttachmentNoMediaTextSize = 0x7f040573
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/lineHeight = 0x7f0402b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_composer_attachment_corner_radius = 0x7f070674
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_lastVerticalBias = 0x7f0401f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/centerOverlapContent = 0x7f0a0097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_list_item_height_material = 0x7f070329
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextFontAssetsThreadCounter = 0x7f040685
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Dark.SideSheetDialog = 0x7f12005f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintLeft_creator = 0x7f04028e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/indeterminate = 0x7f0a0175
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextColorMessageDeleted = 0x7f04066e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_hovered_focused = 0x7f0705ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton.Small.Primary = 0x7f1203e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/positiveLayout = 0x7f0a0257
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoAttachmentIconDrawable = 0x7f0405e9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/isMaterialTheme = 0x7f040242
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/secondary_text_disabled_material_light = 0x7f06030a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary60 = 0x7f0600dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/labeled = 0x7f0a018c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeSelectAllDrawable = 0x7f04001b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_dark_on_primary_container = 0x7f06018d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGlobalAvatarTextColor = 0x7f0404f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/connectingContainer = 0x7f0a00bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/pathMotionArc = 0x7f040370
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/clockIcon = 0x7f0400dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_385sdp = 0x7f07015a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/errorIconDrawable = 0x7f0401b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_extended_fab_surface_container_color = 0x7f0e0032
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/switch_thumb_material_light = 0x7f060340
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/clickAction = 0x7f0400da
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/ivFileThumb = 0x7f0a0183
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_201sdp = 0x7f07007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/circleRadius = 0x7f0400d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipStyle = 0x7f0400d0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:array/stream_ui_avatar_gradient_colors = 0x7f030000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/material_clock_display = 0x7f0d0039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_slider_thumb_color = 0x7f0602b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_on_background_disabled = 0x7f060275
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_constraintEnd_toEndOf = 0x7f040281
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.CompoundButton.RadioButton = 0x7f12046e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_standard_decelerate_control_y1 = 0x7f070510
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_badge_large_label_text_type = 0x7f0e0004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant0 = 0x7f0600bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.Tooltip = 0x7f1204bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_slider_halo_radius = 0x7f0705dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/expandedTitleGravity = 0x7f0401ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Compat.Notification.Title = 0x7f12021f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipSpacingHorizontal = 0x7f0400ca
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_50sdp = 0x7f0701f3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/subheaderInsetStart = 0x7f0407a8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_tooltip_exit = 0x7f01000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary90 = 0x7f0600ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_slide_in_bottom = 0x7f010006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.AppCompat.DayNight.ActionBar = 0x7f1202d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipSpacing = 0x7f0400c9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/headerLayout = 0x7f040211
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_wrapMode = 0x7f0401fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageFooterLabel = 0x7f0a01d1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipBackgroundColor = 0x7f0400be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_12ssp = 0x7f070024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/transitionFlags = 0x7f040864
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_calendar_action_height = 0x7f07056a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_touchUp_velocityThreshold = 0x7f0400ac
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_primary80 = 0x7f0600de
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard = 0x7f060005
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listDividerAlertDialog = 0x7f0402be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_navigation_rail_item_with_indicator_icon_tint = 0x7f06009d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearance.M3.Sys.Shape.Corner.Small = 0x7f120172
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dark_primary_container = 0x7f060175
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/offsetAlignmentMode = 0x7f040355
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/messageStatusImageView = 0x7f0a01db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_20 = 0x7f0a001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialCalendarDayOfWeekLabel = 0x7f0402dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/arcMode = 0x7f040038
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_badge_with_text_horizontal_offset = 0x7f0703af
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_211sdp = 0x7f070088
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAttachmentGalleryBottomBarImageCountStyle = 0x7f0403fe
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_extended_fab_translation_z_base = 0x7f0705ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_dynamic_on_primary_fixed = 0x7f0601c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_591sdp = 0x7f070256
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_error_container = 0x7f0601db
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_medium_headline_type = 0x7f0e016e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_audio_record_player_speed_button_elevation = 0x7f070638
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerMediaAttachmentNoMediaTextColor = 0x7f040570
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cardUseCompatPadding = 0x7f0400a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/showInChat = 0x7f0a02b4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.AppCompat.ButtonBar.AlertDialog = 0x7f1200d5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/connectingProgressBar = 0x7f0a00be
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.MaterialComponents.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120472
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_15ssp = 0x7f070048
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_show_in_chat = 0x7f08015a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f120109
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/contentInsetEnd = 0x7f04013a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tooltipFrameBackground = 0x7f04084c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_secondary = 0x7f0601e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CoordinatorLayout = 0x7f130035
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/circularflow_defaultRadius = 0x7f0400d6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.MaterialCalendar.DayTextView = 0x7f1203f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/m3_motion_fade_exit = 0x7f010024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V14.Theme.Material3.Light.BottomSheetDialog = 0x7f12008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_minus6sdp = 0x7f0702f4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedIconVisible = 0x7f0400bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedIconMargin = 0x7f0400b8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/StreamUi.ChannelListHeader = 0x7f1201ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/parent_matrix = 0x7f0a023d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_gray_dark = 0x7f06030b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_tabs_icon_color_selector_colored = 0x7f0602ec
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipGroupStyle = 0x7f0400c1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/chipEndPadding = 0x7f0400c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/m3_motion_fade_enter = 0x7f010023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_scrollInterpolator = 0x7f0402b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/fragment_fade_exit = 0x7f020006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/elevationOverlayAccentColor = 0x7f04019d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_focused_z = 0x7f070556
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Widget.ActionMode.Title = 0x7f120039
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fabSize = 0x7f0401d2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_233sdp = 0x7f0700a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorPrimaryDark = 0x7f040115
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/accessibility_custom_action_29 = 0x7f0a0026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/forceApplySystemWindowInsetTop = 0x7f040207
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_11ssp = 0x7f070018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/activity_chat_detail = 0x7f0d001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerFamilyTopRight = 0x7f040150
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material = 0x7f0702fb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderDefaultLabelTextSize = 0x7f04061d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_state_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070515
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageDateTextFont = 0x7f040506
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachmentsContainer = 0x7f0a0060
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/multiChoiceItemLayout = 0x7f040349
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/senderNameLabel = 0x7f0a02ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarTabStyle = 0x7f040009
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkMarkTintMode = 0x7f0400b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageBackgroundColorTheirs = 0x7f04053d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ActionMenuItemView = 0x7f130002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/centerIfNoTextEnabled = 0x7f0400ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayEditReactionsMarginTop = 0x7f0406ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemSizeTextSize = 0x7f040564
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cardBackgroundColor = 0x7f04009a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_unread_label_text_color = 0x7f060339
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_screen_toolbar = 0x7f0d0017
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonStyleSmall = 0x7f040097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationShort4 = 0x7f04032b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_rotating_indeterminate_progress_gradient = 0x7f08016b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/recordingSlider = 0x7f0a026b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_list_selector_holo_dark = 0x7f08005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_read_state_avatar_width = 0x7f07069e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationLong2 = 0x7f040321
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_546sdp = 0x7f07021f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_secondary50 = 0x7f0600e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/tag_accessibility_heading = 0x7f0a02e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle = 0x7f04008c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMentionsHandlingEnabled = 0x7f0405dc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/RtlOverlay.Widget.AppCompat.SearchView.MagIcon = 0x7f120157
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tabIconTint = 0x7f0407bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/endIconContentDescription = 0x7f0401a3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputVideoCornerRadius = 0x7f0405f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/paddingBottomNoButtons = 0x7f04035f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/addElevationShadow = 0x7f040028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonTextStyle = 0x7f040449
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonSmallStyle = 0x7f0401e2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_popup_exit = 0x7f010004
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorOnSurfaceVariant = 0x7f04010c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/constraints = 0x7f040137
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/mtrl_exceed_max_badge_number_content_description = 0x7f11006a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_182sdp = 0x7f070063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/closeButton = 0x7f0a00b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_popup_enter = 0x7f010003
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_slider_active_handle_leading_space = 0x7f07047a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageIndicatorTextStyle = 0x7f0406df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageDateTextSize = 0x7f040507
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/alertDialogCenterButtons = 0x7f04002a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/readCountView = 0x7f0a0264
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/elevation = 0x7f04019c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_on_scroll_container_elevation = 0x7f0704a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/bottomAppBarStyle = 0x7f040078
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.SearchResult.Title = 0x7f12002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_70sdp = 0x7f07027a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiOptionsOverlayEditReactionsMarginStart = 0x7f0406cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/headerContent = 0x7f0a015c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionEasingEmphasized = 0x7f04032e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Widget.MaterialComponents.Slider = 0x7f12011b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerSpeedButtonWidth = 0x7f04044a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_312sdp = 0x7f070103
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral92 = 0x7f0600b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/m3_btn_state_list_anim = 0x7f02000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_message_list_video_attachment_background = 0x7f060331
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_279sdp = 0x7f0700d8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_dynamic_neutral_variant87 = 0x7f0600cd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/barrierMargin = 0x7f040066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout = 0x7f13002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layoutManager = 0x7f04026e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_path = 0x7f0b001f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_container_elevation = 0x7f0704a2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/defaultMarginsEnabled = 0x7f040171
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_dialog_media_attachment = 0x7f0d0092
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/x_right = 0x7f0a0353
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/mtrl_calendar_selected_range = 0x7f0602c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_58sdp = 0x7f070253
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/barrierDirection = 0x7f040065
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/abc_list_menu_item_checkbox = 0x7f0d000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/thumbStrokeWidth = 0x7f040825
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonGravity = 0x7f040090
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/deltaPolarAngle = 0x7f040175
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listChoiceIndicatorSingleAnimated = 0x7f0402bd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_channel_list_delete_confirmation_positive_button = 0x7f1100ce
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/action_text = 0x7f0a0045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeCloseButtonStyle = 0x7f040013
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionModeCloseDrawable = 0x7f040015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.AppCompat.Light.Spinner.DropDown.ActionBar = 0x7f12036e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeHeight = 0x7f040053
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_snackbar_supporting_text_color = 0x7f0e0115
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonIcon = 0x7f040712
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlaybackProgressContainerHeight = 0x7f040437
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/itemShapeInsetEnd = 0x7f040255
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeGravity = 0x7f040052
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_btn_text_btn_padding_left = 0x7f070565
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_padding_material = 0x7f07031c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/app_color = 0x7f06001d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiSearchInputViewIconSearchMarginStart = 0x7f040721
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/backgroundInsetStart = 0x7f04004b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_draggable = 0x7f040069
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_tertiary70 = 0x7f060150
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.ExtendedFloatingActionButton.Primary = 0x7f1203dd
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_card_stroke_color = 0x7f060074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/separator = 0x7f0a02ad
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/isMaterial3Theme = 0x7f040241
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_3sdp = 0x7f07016d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.AppCompat.Menu = 0x7f1201fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/motionDurationLong3 = 0x7f040322
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.DayNight.NoActionBar.Bridge = 0x7f1202b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_576sdp = 0x7f070243
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_list_unmute_user = 0x7f11013a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_light_on_surface = 0x7f0601e0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/parent = 0x7f0a023a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/always = 0x7f0a0050
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextStyleMine = 0x7f0406b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/threadsFootnoteContainer = 0x7f0a02ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/splash_fade_in = 0x7f01002c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_appbar_scrim_height_trigger_large = 0x7f07039f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/limitBoundsTo = 0x7f0402b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkboxStyle = 0x7f0400b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_558sdp = 0x7f07022d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_455sdp = 0x7f0701b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiIconIndicatorSent = 0x7f0404ff
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha = 0x7f080047
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiLastMessageDateTextColor = 0x7f040505
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_351sdp = 0x7f070132
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeVerticalPadding = 0x7f04005b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/abc_decor_view_status_guard_light = 0x7f060006
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAudioRecordingFloatingButtonBackgroundDrawable = 0x7f040591
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_outlined_text_field_disabled_input_text_opacity = 0x7f07044d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_inverse = 0x7f0602a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_badge_color = 0x7f0e0002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAppearanceLineHeightEnabled = 0x7f0407f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_sys_motion_easing_emphasized_accelerate_control_y2 = 0x7f0704f1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/extendedFloatingActionButtonStyle = 0x7f0401c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant60 = 0x7f06023d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListSenderNameTextFont = 0x7f0406ed
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/closeIconEndPadding = 0x7f0400e1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandNameTextSize = 0x7f0405b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoCompleteMode = 0x7f04003d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/design_fab_show_motion_spec = 0x7f020002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/middle = 0x7f0a01df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_min_width_minor = 0x7f07031b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_plain_tooltip_supporting_text_type = 0x7f0e00c6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/appBarLayoutStyle = 0x7f040036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/attachButton = 0x7f0a0058
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/mtrl_checkbox_button_icon_indeterminate_unchecked = 0x7f0800bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerRecentFilesTextFontAssets = 0x7f04057b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/foregroundView = 0x7f0a013c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/scrollIndicatorDown = 0x7f0a028b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor = 0x7f070317
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/cornerRadius = 0x7f040151
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hintTextColor = 0x7f04021f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionTextColorAlpha = 0x7f040024
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiTypingIndicatorUsersTextFontAssets = 0x7f040775
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorError = 0x7f0400fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/activeIndicatorLabelPadding = 0x7f040026
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/compress = 0x7f0a00bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_elevated_button_disabled_container_elevation = 0x7f070401
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoSizeMaxTextSize = 0x7f040040
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_motion_duration_long2 = 0x7f0b0014
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_message_composer_audio_record_mic_background = 0x7f080167
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_hover_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070409
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Animation.AppCompat.Dialog = 0x7f120002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/color = 0x7f0400f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/bottomSheetDragHandleStyle = 0x7f04007c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/badgeWithTextShapeAppearanceOverlay = 0x7f040061
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Widget.Material3.Chip.Assist.Elevated = 0x7f1203bf
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_552sdp = 0x7f070227
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/imagePanY = 0x7f040232
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/stream_ui_message_composer_capture_media_take_photo = 0x7f1100e3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_surface_container = 0x7f0602a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fontProviderFetchTimeout = 0x7f040200
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.V28.Theme.AppCompat.Light = 0x7f1200ba
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/mtrl_calendar_vertical = 0x7f0d0055
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/stream_ui_ic_mic_lock = 0x7f080145
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_item_icon_padding = 0x7f0704b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiPinnedMessageListMessageTimeTextFont = 0x7f0406e8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_224sdp = 0x7f070097
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonCompat = 0x7f04008f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ShapeAppearanceOverlay.Material3.FloatingActionButton = 0x7f12018b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/search_edit_frame = 0x7f0a029a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarWidgetTheme = 0x7f04000c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_navigation_drawer_pressed_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f07043b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_38sdp = 0x7f07015f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandSuggestionItemCommandNameTextColor = 0x7f0405b0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/animateToEnd = 0x7f0a0051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/mtrl_badge_text_size = 0x7f070547
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bg_splash_logo_color = 0x7f06034a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/hideOnScroll = 0x7f04021b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/material_hour_tv = 0x7f0a01b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/tooltipStyle = 0x7f04084d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_filled_card_container_elevation = 0x7f07041c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageListHeaderSearchingForNetworkLabelColor = 0x7f040624
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/flow_padding = 0x7f0401f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material = 0x7f070325
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/colorControlNormal = 0x7f0400f9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_expand_spec = 0x7f020021
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/layout_scrollFlags = 0x7f0402b1
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.Material3.BottomAppBar.Legacy = 0x7f1202df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/collapseContentDescription = 0x7f0400e7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/right = 0x7f0a0279
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarTheme = 0x7f04000b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_checkbox_button_tint = 0x7f060076
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/selectionIndicator = 0x7f0a02a4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_chip_state_list_anim = 0x7f020018
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_radio_button_unselected_focus_state_layer_opacity = 0x7f070462
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/mtrl_card_lowers_interpolator = 0x7f01002b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/item_view_role_description = 0x7f110036
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_top_app_bar_small_headline_color = 0x7f0e0170
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_156sdp = 0x7f070043
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/startIconContentDescription = 0x7f0403e4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/ThemeOverlay.MaterialComponents.AutoCompleteTextView.FilledBox.Dense = 0x7f12031d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.Theme.Material3.Light.Dialog.FixedSize = 0x7f120063
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/autoTransition = 0x7f040045
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/materialDividerStyle = 0x7f0402f2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_touchUp_dampeningFactor = 0x7f0400ab
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_filled_tonal_icon_button_container_color = 0x7f0e0054
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/mtrl_fab_transformation_sheet_collapse_spec = 0x7f020020
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_sys_color_on_secondary_fixed = 0x7f0601f7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:styleable/ExtendedFloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout = 0x7f13003c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGroupAvatarTextStyle = 0x7f0404fa
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:interpolator/mtrl_fast_out_linear_in = 0x7f0c000e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:string/bottomsheet_drag_handle_clicked = 0x7f110022
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_110sdp = 0x7f07000d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiErrorMessageTextColor = 0x7f0404b2
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/m3_side_sheet_exit_to_left = 0x7f010027
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/behavior_significantVelocityThreshold = 0x7f040071
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/fastScrollHorizontalThumbDrawable = 0x7f0401d4
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerAttachmentsPickerFileAttachmentItemCheckboxSelectedDrawable = 0x7f04055a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/userNameTextView = 0x7f0a0332
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/listChoiceBackgroundIndicator = 0x7f0402bb
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_extended_fab_primary_focus_container_elevation = 0x7f070406
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_dynamic_neutral_variant95 = 0x7f060241
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/constraint_referenced_ids = 0x7f040135
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/floatingActionButtonSecondaryStyle = 0x7f0401df
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_168sdp = 0x7f070051
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_bottomappbar_fab_end_margin = 0x7f0703c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/compat_button_padding_horizontal_material = 0x7f070350
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/fileManagerImageView = 0x7f0a0121
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_divider_color = 0x7f060220
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerFileIconContainerVisible = 0x7f040426
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_dot_group_animation = 0x7f010015
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:animator/design_appbar_state_list_animator = 0x7f020000
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/tooltip_corner_radius = 0x7f0706d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_582sdp = 0x7f07024b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_510sdp = 0x7f0701f5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Theme.MaterialComponents.Light.Dialog.MinWidth.Bridge = 0x7f1202c7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerCommandsButtonRippleColor = 0x7f0405c0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_331sdp = 0x7f07011a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/nestedScrollFlags = 0x7f040350
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_header_container = 0x7f0a022a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/cardview_shadow_end_color = 0x7f060034
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/stream_ui_message_corner_radius_negative = 0x7f07068f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_comp_fab_primary_large_container_height = 0x7f070413
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiChannelActionsItemTextSize = 0x7f04046c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/m3_ref_palette_neutral_variant99 = 0x7f06012d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_timepicker_window_elevation = 0x7f070517
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageLinkBackgroundColorTheirs = 0x7f04060f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/m3_side_sheet_exit_to_right = 0x7f010028
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:drawable/ic_logo = 0x7f080099
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/Base.TextAppearance.AppCompat.Display1 = 0x7f12001c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/stream_ui_audio_record_player_duration_text_color = 0x7f060312
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/borderRound = 0x7f040074
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiGiphyShuffleButtonTextFontAssets = 0x7f0404f0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/mtrl_picker_fullscreen = 0x7f0a01f8
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/textAllCaps = 0x7f0407d9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:layout/stream_ui_fragment_channel_list = 0x7f0d009b
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_alert_dialog_elevation = 0x7f070398
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/actionBarTabTextStyle = 0x7f04000a
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/trackThickness = 0x7f04085e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/material_personalized_color_secondary_text_inverse = 0x7f06029d
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/m3_navigation_item_shape_inset_start = 0x7f0704bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/open_search_view_scrim = 0x7f0a022c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageTextSizeMessageDeletedTheirs = 0x7f0406a0
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiAudioRecordPlayerPlayIconDrawable = 0x7f04042f
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:anim/abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom = 0x7f010002
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:integer/m3_sys_shape_corner_large_corner_family = 0x7f0b0023
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/carousel_forwardTransition = 0x7f0400a6
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:id/view_tree_on_back_pressed_dispatcher_owner = 0x7f0a0345
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiFileAttachmentFileSizeTextColor = 0x7f0404bc
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:style/TextAppearance.Design.CollapsingToolbar.Expanded = 0x7f120221
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/buttonBarStyle = 0x7f04008e
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:macro/m3_comp_navigation_bar_active_indicator_color = 0x7f0e0066
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/lineSpacing = 0x7f0402b9
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/checkedIconGravity = 0x7f0400b7
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiScrollButtonBadgeTextStyle = 0x7f04070c
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:dimen/_248sdp = 0x7f0700b3
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:attr/streamUiMessageComposerMessageInputTextFontAssets = 0x7f0405e5
com.mbadevelopers.chatapp:color/bg_chat_color_others = 0x7f060024
